Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, since we are kind of starting a new Arc I had to go back to a classic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: setting off west of the sun rises towards mid morning nearly three months to the day since you first met in Kerala you find yourself on the road again.
Timothy Sackton: Heading somewhere new.
Timothy Sackton: Heading West for new places new adventures.
Timothy Sackton: Your destination toker about 240 miles West along the road there, among other things, you hope to find sock on elder of the Miss dianna.
Timothy Sackton: who perhaps if you can find her may be able to tell you more about the events on the Blessed plane 30 years ago and what happened out in the deserts to the.
East.
Timothy Sackton: toker also houses, a large archives and the libraries, of the lock and Miss die.
Timothy Sackton: Where perhaps answers to many other riddles may lie hidden.
Timothy Sackton: In some ancient smaller last text.
Timothy Sackton: You leave Carola behind.
Timothy Sackton: damaged, but not broken and with the restoration of the defense's on the eastern border of donmar the people are safe, at least for now, from whatever might lurk on the blast plans crash and his allies, whoever they may be.
Timothy Sackton: They may not be so safe from internal divisions, though, as you also like leave behind in Kerala the.
Timothy Sackton: Woman nyan Sarah.
Timothy Sackton: claim it to the throne of done mar freed from a goddess traps and gathering support to perhaps overthrow her brother, the current ruler of done mark nine car nos.
Timothy Sackton: Now, though.
Timothy Sackton: With the wind in your hair and the open road in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: And a long journey ahead.
Timothy Sackton: The road back end, as you begin to travel.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you set out towards.
Timothy Sackton: towards toker off.
Timothy Sackton: I presume that you've acquired some sort of cart or wagon to lug your massive pile of looted goods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: liberated liberated.
Mike Sackton: But we're not bringing that much of our massive pile of wood, a good right, then we give it all away.
Timothy Sackton: you're bringing you're bringing just to.
Timothy Sackton: We have to Marjorie.
Mike Sackton: awkward we size magic mirrors.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's an official compartment right.
Rev. David (he/him): Like a full spot them in the cart.
Timothy Sackton: Not false bottom and the car for the two merits okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I guess you're not bringing a ton I mean there's like some coin and jams and some valuable pieces, I mean you probably have certainly over 1000 gold worth of.
Timothy Sackton: miscellaneous coin gems and art that you've got stashed away which isn't you know that's a.
Timothy Sackton: Non true, I mean if it were justin gems that would be small, but you know a lot of its in other kinds of valuable so that's not absolutely nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We bring all that or do we stash some of that in Kerala.
Mike Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: brought your thing I thought you were bringing everything you didn't leave anything behind it.
Mike Sackton: But I thought we only kept small portable goods right like I didn't think we really brought.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you have two paintings from you don't miss this Tower you have you know, a handful of things like that.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not you know you don't have a wagon piled high with stuff but like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we, like like this wagons totally getting a fucking stolen that's gonna suck like, how do we protect it better this wagon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we get it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get like a Chinchilla or any like anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Chandra would be good for like tasks help like like give us like a little you know adoration charm or something it's like doesn't look like a wagon or like people that look at it like don't see anything in it, or you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The they're not a lot of spells that can create like permanent effects like that or they're.
Timothy Sackton: not really I mean not that you have access to.
Timothy Sackton: Because, not a lot central could do.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only the wagon had a finger, we could put that ring on it that makes it so that you just snap that noticeable isn't that one of the one of the ring.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's just the ring.
Timothy Sackton: it's not you're wearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ring itself is not that notice.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we asked, can we ask central, just like anybody that's matt knows magic stuff and CARA what for their advice on how to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: best protect this wagon.
Eric Rosenbaum: wasn't you had an extremely valuable vehicle.
Timothy Sackton: haha ah yeah I see if there's anything centric and do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, because this is a good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking terrible.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah and or can we can we test them yours at the monastery poker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could we could make a service.
Eric Rosenbaum: find my wagon all one word.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where we take one of those little message stones and then like embedded inside the wagon in some ways it's hard to get back out again, but where you can maybe hear the person talking on the other end if you're safe to try to steal it so we could talk to as the wagon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this, these ideas are good yeah like the tracking device in there would be good that'd be good.
Rev. David (he/him): thing so that relies on this mesh network of every other sending stone in order to look at it.
Timothy Sackton: That there's not a there's not a ton that you can do to lake.
Timothy Sackton: permanently alter a wagon to be hard to ski oh.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You just got a garden.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we can try to make it look.
Eric Rosenbaum: In conspicuous like it does not contain valuable things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I.
Mike Sackton: Think yeah I think the only I mean i'm just walking through our treasure like we mostly just have gems and we didn't did we even keep all of the like.
Mike Sackton: Heavy silver star I thought we only kept like.
Mike Sackton: Two to 3000 gold, mostly in gems.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can even take all the silver.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then maybe another 500 and mixed into small coins, but you could distribute 500 coins across.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah the coins are not that big a deal it's like the paint you know you've got a couple paintings you've got the.
Timothy Sackton: The mirrors you've got.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's really the mirror it's really.
Timothy Sackton: it's really the mirrors and the two.
Timothy Sackton: And the two painting.
Mike Sackton: The painting frames, I thought they were just rolled up.
Timothy Sackton: I guess they're probably just world because.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you also have you know.
Timothy Sackton: food and water, right now, you can't carry two weeks of water, so you can either.
use.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have the alchemical tea kettle I.
Timothy Sackton: Was gonna say you can use the tea kettle will keep you supplied with water.
Mike Sackton: What we should do is have a small.
Mike Sackton: tool to week wheel cart not like a full blown.
Mike Sackton: Right that's mostly fault with like four barrels of water and some food.
Mike Sackton: And so it's clearly just our just our sort of.
Mike Sackton: adventures.
Timothy Sackton: of bottom.
Mike Sackton: And then, a false bottom with the two magic mirrors underneath.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What once once we get to Chakra like we will be able to like like you know from my from my time at the monastery we should build like see store stash our stuff there safely right.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you'll find out when you get to hook.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: Even if I mean if we, for some reason were suspicious the monastery.
Mike Sackton: Even just a nice it would probably have doors that I mean obviously if somebody breaks in somebody breaks in but like as long as we're in conspicuous and nobody's like trying to come steal our stuff.
Mike Sackton: We really need a bag of holding that mean that should.
Mike Sackton: be a real focus.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah we do.
Rev. David (he/him): let's do the next Arc.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Mike Sackton: Next Arc is finding a bag of holding.
Timothy Sackton: A bag of mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: will not help you need like.
Rev. David (he/him): You need a portable horrible feeling.
Timothy Sackton: That has a that's a big right.
Mike Sackton: I guess he couldn't put the mirrors in a bag of holding.
Eric Rosenbaum: And did we establish that we can't put.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bigger mirror into the smaller mirror.
Timothy Sackton: cracked can only put creatures into the.
Mike Sackton: mean we haven't really tried to see what happens if one of us is holding the big mirror and jumps in tries to fall into the little mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: Though you don't miss this mirror is big but lighter.
Mike Sackton: Right, the.
Timothy Sackton: mirror of soul trapping is really very heavy but it's smaller like made of solid silver it's like 50 pounds 100 pounds of silver.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric I think I think this is like when a seeker like continues to experiment with like extra planner travel, this will be like a like a master's research project, and I mean it's like how do I build a little pocket in another dimension that I can like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we.
Mike Sackton: What we really.
Mike Sackton: Yes, door to a private dimension.
Timothy Sackton: But that's what a portable home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, but it's like Where are you fucking Paula Graham is from where we're dealt with holes in.
Mike Sackton: Our own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little shadow dimension right but.
Mike Sackton: We don't want to go there.
Mike Sackton: chatter dimensions, a terrible place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kennedy was under the impression that, like we would be able to like store valuables and things like that there's no reason why he wouldn't unless like some crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that'd be fine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you know you might have some slight question as to how.
Timothy Sackton: How the lock in this style respond to the mirror of soul trapping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I didn't know what it is.
Timothy Sackton: They probably won't know what it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just say it's just a place to store some minor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, it should be.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: um so it's about 240 miles, you know if you sort of take it, you also have Garrett TV with you, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: So you'd have one horse pulling the Court cart and then.
Timothy Sackton: baxter and then for other horses.
Timothy Sackton: You can, if you go into leisurely pace, you know it's 240 miles you'll go maybe.
Timothy Sackton: You know, take you maybe 1314 days sort of normal decent writing paste might be about 10 days.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to move quickly you could do it, maybe an eight days just by pushing harder and writing faster, maybe even seven if you're you know, in a big rush, although with a loaded wagon that's going to be trickier.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you know, there's like very little danger on the road there's been people coming back to Kerala and they haven't reported any you know.
Timothy Sackton: anything.
Timothy Sackton: unusual beyond the typical animals that traveling these lands.
Timothy Sackton: This is probably one of the driest months of the year before the rains.
Timothy Sackton: So fire is always a danger.
Timothy Sackton: it's been a strange fire season, due to the presence of the giant never ending lightning storm 100 miles to the north, so huge swathes of northern Dunbar have already burned.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and.
Timothy Sackton: there's less few of.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's some large predators, but if you will attack even alone human even fewer well defend the traveling part in and you're following a road so it's pretty straightforward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're not know right right.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we're at a particular rush now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we're just as always confused and looking for answers.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um, by the way, before I forget who take who's taking the.
Timothy Sackton: So kendra was that gave you all those potions at the end.
Timothy Sackton: of session
Timothy Sackton: I already added the red healing my to everybody's character sheet, but somebody needs to take the elixir of health.
Timothy Sackton: Which cures diseases and some and poison in a bunch of other stuff and someone needs to take that push number my chronic resistance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Potion under chronic resistance probably near Dallas since we're getting like hacked by.
yep.
Mike Sackton: yeah you could you could take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: voted most.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be near critize.
Mike Sackton: Whoever has it gets pushed to the front right so go ahead kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it elixir of know chronic what.
Mike Sackton: Oh sure chronic resistance.
Mike Sackton: And then elixir of health.
Eric Rosenbaum: See how many elixirs of various things that have.
Mike Sackton: that's useful.
Mike Sackton: I mean it really doesn't whoever's most mobile and can most easily use it to save somebody is probably the best.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will I have short legs.
Rev. David (he/him): to select 10 so.
Mike Sackton: Maybe you know what I mean I could take it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and always can teleport.
Mike Sackton: teleport 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is this.
Mike Sackton: Extra of health.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): what's the teleporting part.
Mike Sackton: misty step you've seen him katniss steps.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh sweet I forgot about.
Mike Sackton: That sorry vanishes in a silvery Blair then appears 30 feet somewhere else.
Eric Rosenbaum: classic deal with antics.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just reinforcing is trustworthiness.
Rev. David (he/him): will be as realistic just how little attention you pay.
Mike Sackton: A fair this, I have a cast in a while.
Timothy Sackton: So so you're just hiding out it's sort of a normal pace yeah.
Timothy Sackton: not pushing but not like dawdling particularly or.
Rev. David (he/him): A pace.
pace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, I have a dream mirror in my backpack what's that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep.
Timothy Sackton: I was thought was if you click on the item it'll show you.
Mike Sackton: All that what you see somebody's blood.
Timothy Sackton: If you.
Timothy Sackton: If you use somebody who's blind in if you fill the bowl of water and put a drop of blood in it, you can see what they're dreaming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's intense.
Timothy Sackton: That was one of the things from god's word.
Timothy Sackton: So the mirror will be recharged tomorrow night.
Timothy Sackton: If you have any I don't wanna I don't want you to spend the entire session discussing what you're going to use in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: But just as an fyi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We show it.
Mike Sackton: I think we showed the Scorpions.
Mike Sackton: Just because I want to know what they are.
Rev. David (he/him): agree we've also got the sludge file back from Raven school.
Mike Sackton: Right yeah.
Or that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the slush pile from again.
Mike Sackton: Whenever I get one of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead Oh, I was just gonna say we've not discussed this before, but it occurred to me we've had this coin, for a long time that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It turns into the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever it's called.
Rev. David (he/him): touches floating desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: desk that coin was most likely in the possession of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open says forks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a quarter we don't know we would we would love to know more about what they've been doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love I love this idea to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go for the coin.
Rev. David (he/him): Right.
Mike Sackton: yeah we could do the coin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or do we have any other like artifacts related open.
Mike Sackton: So we're all agreeing on something let's.
Stop.
Mike Sackton: We agreed.
Timothy Sackton: On can pick to say.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: Like narrator bit of the journey is going forward, because you know Garrett.
comments.
Timothy Sackton: So the first day passes largely on eventually you're you're traveling now heading heading sort of Northwest basically to connect to the.
Timothy Sackton: there's sort of two roads that lead from Carol one to the Northwest one to the Northeast the one to the Northeast will eventually.
Timothy Sackton: fade away into a track that leads to ravens hold and then eventually to the mountains in the passes.
Timothy Sackton: that's the direction that record has gone.
Timothy Sackton: You are heading north west again, along with what's really not not really even a road it's just a sort of a.
Timothy Sackton: beaten track through the desert.
Timothy Sackton: which will connect with this main main trade will the old drink Korean Trade read that cuts across the Center of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And the first you know Day, a day or two you know until you connect to this road.
Timothy Sackton: Probably you'll you'll get to the main road at this evening, but it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: You know, leaving Carola now it's.
Timothy Sackton: Still passing through sort of rolling rocky desert hills dry scrub plants dried up the you know everything sort of baking in the hot sun.
Timothy Sackton: You do pass a few done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: on their way back from Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: You know, everybody is sort of eager to get the care, well before nightfall and so.
Timothy Sackton: You know you just kind of creep people on the road.
Timothy Sackton: and on your first night of travel in the evening of the first night you do reach this main main trade route in turn West.
Timothy Sackton: And over the next day.
Timothy Sackton: second day of your travel.
Timothy Sackton: Following the road now you start to you know get into the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, get a little away from the desert there's more plants you.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're gradually descending a tiny bit off the dry high plateaus of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the central donmar into the.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're not in flowing grasslands, yet you need to go a bit further West or north to get there, but.
Timothy Sackton: You can see.
Timothy Sackton: You can see how this terrain, could you know support past our lists and and herders and you see you know the occasional heard of antelope crossing the the terrain and and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: And as you make camp on the second day.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror has recharged.
Timothy Sackton: If you would like to show something to the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers sort of thoughtfully pulls it out of his pocket, where it was deeply buried beneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: treats for taster and pocket lint and scraps of paper and brushes and various other things, and he pulls it out and holds it up to the sunlight.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to just briefly talk about what we do know about it already like what does that even look like kind of find it on my character sheet.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a.
Little.
Eric Rosenbaum: To golden coin.
Timothy Sackton: it's a golden coin it's it looks like a just a gold piece, but it's very old and worn smooth without obvious marketing's.
Eric Rosenbaum: When we we found this in the underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: layer of some.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that place was among the effect of.
Eric Rosenbaum: The turned into stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: right number of society, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Our kiss you later learned is.
Marcus.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so perhaps we'll we'll learn where he got this point from, or perhaps it was never his in the first place and happened to be there budgeting.
Mike Sackton: yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well let's see what we can learn about it.
Timothy Sackton: OK so again as a reminder you.
Timothy Sackton: pick a question.
Timothy Sackton: And then Somebody needs to make a wisdom jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got the best message jack.
Mike Sackton: what's fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was.
Timothy Sackton: Zero probably going to be you.
Can.
Mike Sackton: I think the question should be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the nature of the question again we ask it like.
Timothy Sackton: It so depending on how well you roll on the your wisdom check it well.
Timothy Sackton: So the mirror shows you some number of scenes from the history of the item that you show at, and the question can guide what you see.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so it can potentially focus the scenes, you see, to a particular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: To answer a particular thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we want to know more about the society and scroll.
Rev. David (he/him): Like.
Rev. David (he/him): The people who have held it or the places that it's been.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the things that it has carried.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking that it has carried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because this dude has got has got a period somewhere in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe or, like us, they found that it wasn't as useful as they thought it was going to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can also ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: When it has changed hands so it's the kind of artifact that probably all then stolen or lost multiple times.
Rev. David (he/him): What works dimension to like if somebody opens cross like a lending library of items that they send their people out with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it is a tool this thing.
Rev. David (he/him): So do we still have enhanced ability or was that something.
Timothy Sackton: That God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I can do the.
Eric Rosenbaum: rabbinic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good food applied to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wisdom check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your bite at a day.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't have advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): Of what is good extra diet from.
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an extra one day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's very useful still.
Eric Rosenbaum: extra money yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but we're most interested, though in like how this coin relates to the society gilligan scrolling up there either people that had used it objects that it's Terry that like maybe the people that like in charging wants.
Mike Sackton: right but it's not going to know what the society open scroll is right, I think.
Mike Sackton: I think I think asking about what it's carried, is the best way to get or maybe asking about when it's who its owners when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We asked what.
Are the owners.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we ask who have who, who has used you and what have you help.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's kinda to.
Mike Sackton: that's like two questions.
Timothy Sackton: You can try.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a good.
Timothy Sackton: Stopping stopping your character from holding up the coin and saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but like it's less effective if you have a compound question.
Timothy Sackton: Probably don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You only limited experience with using this mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it's more effective.
Mike Sackton: Generally magic doesn't like you trying to loophole your way past its limitations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fair alright alright alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: which might also be set up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, but both are very interesting right like because the other items that it's held that's also pretty fucking interesting, although I wouldn't know what they are what they mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: there.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah let's let's start with the.
Eric Rosenbaum: owners, the owner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the users of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: coin yeah yeah who has used you.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you take out the mirror from it's hidden compartment set it up as you're making camp.
Timothy Sackton: hold up the coin and concentrate on who is used to make your with jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I give tons of inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspiration seems that means I can add an extra one da to this role.
Timothy Sackton: that's yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this is that i'm clicking the thing at the top that's like 16 plus 310 yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I added one good Wendy.
Timothy Sackton: And you can roll the Wendy twice and take the higher role.
Oh, really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is that.
Timothy Sackton: If that's your like you know you it's.
Timothy Sackton: Like the damage, if you use it for an attacker attempt it points of use it for saving throw to use it for a skill check, you will twice and take the higher one.
Eric Rosenbaum: gotcha.
Timothy Sackton: cool anyone okay 21.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's pretty solid rural.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kansas looking confident and for the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: The scene, the reflection of the of the.
Timothy Sackton: campfire and the planes behind you fades and you see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: standing in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: kind of.
Timothy Sackton: it's a strange perspective it almost looks like somebody's flipping the coin up in the air and so you'll see like basically a face, and then it that the image in the mirror does this tumbling.
Timothy Sackton: it's a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of a indeterminate Lee aged cercone in man.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see much about his surroundings, he seems to be wearing what you would sort of think of as.
Timothy Sackton: adventuring gear are sort of almost like like rogues gear almost like cloaks shadow, as he seems to have.
Timothy Sackton: A hood over his face, so you can't see that much detail.
Timothy Sackton: There is a sense of movement almost like you're traveling on a road.
Timothy Sackton: walking at night it's dark i'm just this flipping flipping and after about 1015 seconds of this i'm.
Timothy Sackton: On the top of one of the flips.
Timothy Sackton: The image chefs.
Timothy Sackton: And you see again.
Timothy Sackton: Now, a person, a different person this a much older man white beard short cropped white beard sort of angular looking face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quick question TIM in the first one yet was it the dude that we've whose body we found like do we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably only arcas.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to be 100% sure i'm so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry sorry just it for both the artists artists and then the sky like Are there things in the scene that like have indicated when this is like is it like recent there's a look like super old is it like you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to tell I mean it's hard to tell on.
Timothy Sackton: there's no there's not you know convenient subtitles like 25 years ago in charleston.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but I mean like if they're flipping it in the city like is it.
Timothy Sackton: it's not as walking.
Timothy Sackton: walking in an open area at night, like on a road at night, was what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chris.
Timothy Sackton: You know mood light shining.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: It could be this road, it could it could be any road sort of through an open.
Timothy Sackton: Wilderness area.
Timothy Sackton: As the as the scene shifts now looking at this older man sort of angular face short cropped white beard short cropped white hair i'm looking looking down like sort of peering down at.
Timothy Sackton: At the at the coin tapping it a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Every now and then like sort of examining it looking around seems to be almost studying it wearing dark robes.
Timothy Sackton: But without without a hood just kind of you know.
Timothy Sackton: Up to the shoulders looks.
Timothy Sackton: A you know, probably in his 60s and seems to be scratching notes on something on some piece of paper or some log book or something that's just out of.
Timothy Sackton: Out of view of the mirror but you'll see a quill occasionally as he goes as he goes over, and this in this clearly his faces lit by firelight by torches or lanterns or a fireplace you're inside somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: That you can you can see the reflected glow of the flames.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: As as he goes closer to look at it once more it's almost as if the view kind of falls through his face and you see about another person.
Timothy Sackton: This this time again outside.
Timothy Sackton: And, and now somebody is like holding it at the waist so you can't see their face you can't see the details of them as they walk.
Timothy Sackton: But they are.
Timothy Sackton: By their stride in sort of general sort of body shape probably.
Timothy Sackton: A woman.
Timothy Sackton: Again human.
Timothy Sackton: out wearing traveling clothes muddy boots or that like long calf length muddy boots a sword at their side she's sort of next do you like your you as the as the stone are kind of swinging around their waist leather belt coin purse they seem to be walking through.
Timothy Sackton: farmland pasture land pastureland maybe i'm following a river.
Timothy Sackton: traveling somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: And then finally.
Timothy Sackton: That scene fades again.
Timothy Sackton: And you see one more person.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Another human everyone you've seen has been human.
Timothy Sackton: This person is.
Timothy Sackton: wearing your you know it sort of.
Timothy Sackton: How would it, what would the perspective be OK, so the coin is floating behind this person and so you're looking at somebody back does a shield slung over there back chain mail Armor.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, a helmet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see me on the shield.
Timothy Sackton: uh oh that's a good question um.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there isn't Sydney yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I reserve the right to change what it looks like if I come up with something cooler later um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a qr code, can we scan it.
Timothy Sackton: that's a qr now.
Timothy Sackton: So, so the the insignia is.
What would it be.
Timothy Sackton: I will say it's a.
Timothy Sackton: it's a tower.
Timothy Sackton: Like Stat like a straight tower.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: Sun behind it and then like rays coming out from the sun.
Timothy Sackton: sweets all sitting on.
Timothy Sackton: All sitting on a cloud.
Timothy Sackton: Like your cloud with a tower cloud at the bottom metallic coming up from it and then fun with rays coming out from it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome do we recognize it.
Timothy Sackton: make a anybody who's proficient in history, make a history.
Eric Rosenbaum: History.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you're not production kenza.
Timothy Sackton: But now you don't recognize that.
Timothy Sackton: not something that secret has seen in any of his books.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
unlucky.
Timothy Sackton: And so, this this person armored helm, you can see, like some longest red hair kind of coming out from below the helm.
Timothy Sackton: A great sword slung on their back by next to the shield.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be walking through a cave through some some underground tunnel, there is a there is a light source up ahead that's.
Timothy Sackton: throwing their back into shadows because that's floating in front of them it doesn't seem to be a torch it seems to be like magical way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to clone.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that or the lights Fowler or some some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: something along those lines, and then the mirror fades.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's it so at the last one was a human chain mill the shield using it to bring something out of a cave.
Timothy Sackton: or some somewhere underground.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't it wasn't clear your click.
Timothy Sackton: traveling.
Through a tunnel right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: None of you recognize that insignia either.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is a very interesting image, but not one that I have seen before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you visited a flying Castle before.
Eric Rosenbaum: or any kind of city or other build structures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not only in the cloud.
Mike Sackton: rock guys Catholic used to be flying till it crashed in it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: don't know that that's relevant but.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could also imagine it and see me like that, for a key that's high in the mountains so often appear to be floating in the clouds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby.
Rev. David (he/him): I said we jot it down and as people who no actually no no let's show it to them let's show it to him what's his name he's been around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are different.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so actually that's as you're doing this, he you know once once the mirror has gone dark he he looks up at you, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: he's been he's been quiet for most of the trip like just kind of chatting occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: But not you know not getting too involved in in your conversation just kind of it seems like he's been enjoying being on the road just kind of traveling in the sun in the wind kind of remembering what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're not being a scarecrow anymore.
Timothy Sackton: yeah exactly what like wind and hair and sun on flash feels like.
Timothy Sackton: But when you pull out the mirror he kind of backs away, and when you.
Rev. David (he/him): When it's gone, oh no this mirror is cool still.
Timothy Sackton: wet when when it goes dark he he says.
Timothy Sackton: Across the campfire.
Timothy Sackton: wish you wouldn't mess with that magic.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't feel safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You recognize anything in the mirror that you saw.
Timothy Sackton: No it's.
Timothy Sackton: Not that I.
Timothy Sackton: How much do you really understand about this magic.
Timothy Sackton: to know where it came from you know what purpose it was made for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that you mention it.
Rev. David (he/him): You post some good questions.
Mike Sackton: You know where it came from.
Timothy Sackton: Being a goddess slave taught me anything it's that.
Timothy Sackton: no magic is safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the wizard whose.
Eric Rosenbaum: Castle, we took.
Eric Rosenbaum: down this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is is he still abroad in the land in power.
Mike Sackton: don't mess was a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: No, he was he was a high ranking drink Korean he died, many years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many years ago.
Mike Sackton: hundreds of years, hundreds of years ago.
Timothy Sackton: And so, did you see his body.
Rev. David (he/him): Sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Timothy Sackton: How do you know he's dead.
Timothy Sackton: Air do you know he's not looking out from the other side of that mirror every time you use that.
Timothy Sackton: Do not like these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: understandable.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you recognize this insignia and i'll drop in the dirt for him.
Rev. David (he/him): We saw this and couldn't place it.
Timothy Sackton: not seen that exact design before.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah looks all to me, though.
Timothy Sackton: For the war, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Probably a book, you could look it up in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Its oprah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oprah.
Timothy Sackton: or chart and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure.
Timothy Sackton: Why did you leave chart and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why lovely charming.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've strange group of people to be.
Timothy Sackton: traveling together and donmar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, short version of the story is a bunch people trying to kill me.
Timothy Sackton: So, for good reason to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it wasn't the best place to hang around anymore.
Rev. David (he/him): i've gotten better since coming this weekend so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, it feels like it's only gotten worse, especially since i've been around all of you, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the variety of things, trying to kill us now it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's expensive now compared to what it was like in charge in charge, and was more you know these other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know unsavory types stuff and honestly pretty harmless and scope of things, by the time I was pretty young so.
Rev. David (he/him): I was trying to kill you.
Rev. David (he/him): The thieves and chart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean unnecessarily feeds but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: growing up, there was a pretty unpleasant experience, largely because of and kinds of kind of gestures at the mirror and you know the people that keep these things it's funny that we're now i'm not one of these people, but uh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah a lot of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think a lot of people with these items and chart in as many of these items it's kind of crazy and makes you kinda a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are hungry.
Timothy Sackton: yeah charted was always a good place to make money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You spend a lot of time there.
Timothy Sackton: are a lot I.
Timothy Sackton: would pass through.
come up the.
Timothy Sackton: sale up from from Darbar through the canal.
Timothy Sackton: crossover.
Timothy Sackton: spend a month in charleston selling everything before.
Timothy Sackton: Heading East again.
Timothy Sackton: never liked to stay in the city, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was last time you were there.
Timothy Sackton: 15 years ago.
I think I.
Timothy Sackton: forget what.
Timothy Sackton: year it is now have to remind me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, how long is the scraper.
Timothy Sackton: 12 years, I believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think we would have would have been in charge in the same time funny enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might have tried to say you might have might have tried to pick your pocket.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, that would have been funny.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it was destiny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just spend more time it happens, and I was in charge that's for sure.
Timothy Sackton: You shut off.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot, I cannot disagree with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not much for humans these days.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, some of them aren't too bad.
Timothy Sackton: Those.
Timothy Sackton: folks and caraway didn't seem.
Timothy Sackton: seem fine.
Timothy Sackton: took care of all of the goddess victims.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah they're they're good people they're good people.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: I am glad that the four of you.
Timothy Sackton: and your friend.
Timothy Sackton: Cod.
Timothy Sackton: did meet up, otherwise I might still be a scarecrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where you are Where are you Where are you headed next year.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: not sure where the tea leaves are right now, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: I figure if I get get the token.
Timothy Sackton: I can probably get a.
Timothy Sackton: find my way to to DARPA from there.
Timothy Sackton: Wait there for.
Timothy Sackton: Based on the time of year.
Timothy Sackton: should be arriving soon in darby my family.
Timothy Sackton: Like to get back to them somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's gonna be quite a reunion.
Timothy Sackton: deed.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Few folks and toker I knew from back in the day might still be kicking around.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe provide a place to stay in some.
Timothy Sackton: direction or.
Timothy Sackton: help me get get West I won't ask you to.
Timothy Sackton: ask me all the way to darby that might be out of your way.
Timothy Sackton: So another.
Timothy Sackton: Almost 400 miles from toker as the cost of.
Timothy Sackton: The planes, though, from there it's not a bad cell to chart and if you're ever heading in that direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of a town is darby.
Timothy Sackton: darby it's.
Timothy Sackton: You know that Dun Dun Mari times tend to be pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Well, a little monotonous, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: All full of big monumental architecture and know people really everybody is scattered out on the plains.
Timothy Sackton: But darvas pretty cosmopolitan that's.
Timothy Sackton: got some trade has got some see folk.
Timothy Sackton: Scott, even a small little handling Community there.
Timothy Sackton: Some cardone in that's got some alliance from the islands kind of got everybody actually.
Timothy Sackton: Nice place to pick up some fried fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where the people from now.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: The people from the islands, was the name of that again.
Eric Rosenbaum: lauren's Lawrence Okay, is that something we know about.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've heard of.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: West of have done more like off the coast there's this large island called the loria and then a chain of smaller islands in.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the sort of oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see there right so you've heard of them you don't know much about them.
Timothy Sackton: At starbucks.
Timothy Sackton: might be one of my favorite cities actually.
Timothy Sackton: Good market they're.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously not like charting but.
Timothy Sackton: People are a little more down to earth, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: And, of course, can get a boat to anywhere from there, so.
Timothy Sackton: One of the few done Marty ports.
Rev. David (he/him): anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: If you really want to go North up to you know.
Timothy Sackton: The ma confederacy or even further north that you got to go to chart and but.
Timothy Sackton: You can go i've seen some some ships coming from the far South plans and DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: From a lorry from the you know from the peninsula across the bay cross the never see.
Timothy Sackton: Not a lot of people sail.
Timothy Sackton: fell along the coast to the south, because that's all you know marcia jungle and then.
Timothy Sackton: You know the haunted lands.
Timothy Sackton: And the sea storms can be trouble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A quick Meta game question if we actually went to them are working better and see and we met our other characters would we play that like like if you play chess against yourself and you like one move, and then you do that, then the other which and then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where was that, on the timeline, though, is that contemporaneous.
Timothy Sackton: You are right now that timeline is like a year behind year in the past.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting but overlapping lifetimes for sure.
Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: curious.
Timothy Sackton: yeah So if you.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to go to dharma it's highly recommended.
Timothy Sackton: or something to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This sounds appealing.
Timothy Sackton: can't think of a company.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think i've eaten efficient.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On a long time has eaten fish yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So August right meat and cheese and yeah I got bored of it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the coast.
Timothy Sackton: that's for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we have you been have you sold out there before.
Rev. David (he/him): No, I only ever sell the green sea back and forth and up and down but i've never been to the southwest never seen.
Timothy Sackton: Never event you've never seen the endless ocean.
Rev. David (he/him): No, not yet.
Rev. David (he/him): I was headed that direction, but i've been a little bit busy these last few months.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you shed.
Timothy Sackton: it's worth a lot.
Rev. David (he/him): what's on the far side of the endless ocean.
Timothy Sackton: No, I knows.
Timothy Sackton: Ships never come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: which was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Endless Ocean is really.
Rev. David (he/him): really great then if they never come back.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's west of charge and that's the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the Northwest.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean it it's not there's that.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know what's on you know well be hasn't ever this as well because map right, so you picked up a lot of this you got from Garrett.
Timothy Sackton: In that couple weeks of downtime and Carol so he described the never see.
Timothy Sackton: Neither you nor he has ever seen the other cut so there's this there's this if you zoom way out on the map.
Timothy Sackton: On all 20 there's this peninsula here.
Timothy Sackton: Like over here.
Timothy Sackton: Something is, on the other side of that but nobody's been on there so just the coast.
Timothy Sackton: And then up here is the.
Timothy Sackton: Endless ocean That just goes West as far as anybody.
Timothy Sackton: has ever been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's this big landmass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like west of the Emerald day.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we don't have.
Mike Sackton: A peninsula yeah that's connected to chart it that that's um.
Timothy Sackton: there's a canal this right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now so.
Rev. David (he/him): Were you saying just that she and I don't know what's there or that nobody knows what's there.
Timothy Sackton: You and him don't know what's there not know the four of you or get know what's there.
Mike Sackton: On the peninsula.
Timothy Sackton: On the peninsula, if not on your map.
Timothy Sackton: Whether there are people like maybe the lori's notes there.
Timothy Sackton: But the chart audience don't necessarily sell that way because they always come to the canal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or they're half links that have just sailed I mean like I feel this feels like it would be a Hella hassling being do right just to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go sell less than just going.
Rev. David (he/him): Reason no ships have come back because because whatever's there is so amazing no one wants to leave it.
Rev. David (he/him): something's out there that's just incredible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't they and once you once you're out there don't you can't don't have things like commune and like don't they like and upload the what's out there to like that collective memory song and then.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That way.
Rev. David (he/him): The way they do that, though.
Rev. David (he/him): A little bit more abstractly is like gathering in person, though, to share songs and stories so we're still waiting for those guys, to come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what about the green see surely there's an extreme Eastern edge.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I don't carry a swell bait you know what goes, have you sail East what's there.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM, what do I know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've heard rumors of strange lands to the east.
Timothy Sackton: you've heard rumors of people like way out in the East to ah.
Timothy Sackton: Who like basically like a.
Timothy Sackton: Major accuracy, like a country ruled by mages with close cities.
Timothy Sackton: On the call in the cold north.
Timothy Sackton: Like they don't allow people to enter the cities there's like one trading port that people go to you, but the halfway house tend to avoid because.
Timothy Sackton: It seems a little bit dubious.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe beyond there that's like the East is most you've heard beyond that maybe there's other strange stuff but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some might even go so far as to say the green see is the other end of the ocean.
Rev. David (he/him): would imply the world to circular it's absurd.
Timothy Sackton: Now, are you know the world secular.
Rev. David (he/him): side of the world circular that makes sense.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's not too hard to calculate to determine our world is a Globe right like the brave, you have the horizon, makes it obvious.
Timothy Sackton: Now the best half Lang scholars have calculated the size of the globe and it would be a very long journey to go all the way around.
Timothy Sackton: If there's nothing there too long for you to survive without some powerful match.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The wouldn't that be a thing like wouldn't that for like half lines wouldn't that be a thing, like the all the all the way around like holiday even have you done, have you gone all the way around you know.
Rev. David (he/him): site I tend to think that, like in some of the heflin Laura we've talked about like the wonders there traders, but they're not necessarily explorers like part of the reason will be left his family was that.
Rev. David (he/him): They were not interested in going to new.
Rev. David (he/him): places that.
Rev. David (he/him): No obvious trade route or reason for.
Rev. David (he/him): going there so it's.
Rev. David (he/him): God I don't know if that's Generalized System.
Timothy Sackton: No, I think they'd be much less likely to set out for a destiny, you know.
Timothy Sackton: set out for some place unknown, with no i'm no people no.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing to visit no sense of a of a destination that's just a gas right like the handling wanderlust is much more of a don't want to put down roots, but it's not a it doesn't necessarily mean you don't have a familiar territory right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which races or groups or the colonizers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until humans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Human else yeah.
Mike Sackton: Outside column that says the opposite got killed.
Timothy Sackton: The allies were calling.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it makes.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Rev. David (he/him): Have goblins are colonizers right.
Timothy Sackton: How goblins colonizers.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the end the orcs to it.
Timothy Sackton: how it works i'm not really colonizers they're like opportunistic raiders and things but they don't build cities, really, at least not that you've heard, except for these weird rumors of these farming works.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they build those weird hives right like we saw.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the hot humid and hot dogs are the most obvious colonizers so you.
Eric Rosenbaum: could imagine a human powerful wealthy human kingdom saying oh let's try to find another continent to pay tribute to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the charting is sending bucking ships West charleston is going well as.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and harden is definitely trying to map they know they know what's out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They don't book is out there.
Timothy Sackton: You have to go to chart and and find out.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, who knows, maybe there's a massive play glands rehabilitation projects.
Timothy Sackton: I thought was what your goal is gonna be.
Rev. David (he/him): Like lance aren't play glands anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're giant are used to be.
Mike Sackton: it's been a while and and.
Mike Sackton: The more recent play glands that were.
Mike Sackton: Not so much we're drink were used to be, but where.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right like this whole fertile river Valley.
Mike Sackton: Was was.
Mike Sackton: That in Dallas day was a major this X here was a.
Mike Sackton: major city.
Mike Sackton: Right, this was all destroyed recently by shimano.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the Kingdom of drink or.
Timothy Sackton: No drink or as much further south.
Mike Sackton: Yes, drinkers like way down.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he says what was what was in that cleveland's area now I bet works or.
Mike Sackton: What what's there now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got what was there.
Timothy Sackton: humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: Humans were there.
Mike Sackton: That was that was barrel someone.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh that's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the buyers village was over here somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Oh really wasn't it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): kairos.
Timothy Sackton: Just right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That that still exist as far as you sort of now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quickly, which play glanced at our previous campaigns caused.
Timothy Sackton: These theses these ones, right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All those that play was not there before.
Timothy Sackton: And now, that was not there before yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it wasn't like a totally our faults.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't accept responsibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: Aaron definitely doesn't accept responsibility.
Mike Sackton: These are recent playgrounds like dealt with.
Mike Sackton: With shocks discovered that this whole place was destroyed.
Mike Sackton: Although the red mist was spreading badly during before, so I he had heard of it but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The drink or a place that's now plague was that also.
Timothy Sackton: powers, the first.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The red mist.
Mike Sackton: Well, the redness came back.
Mike Sackton: fame played probably right wait.
Mike Sackton: For it.
Mike Sackton: She might the strange probably district drink.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if we ever discovered that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mister Mister variant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The delta plague.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I tried to make a subtler version of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry kind of kicks the fire and says.
Timothy Sackton: This is getting too dark for me.
Timothy Sackton: Talking about plagues and.
Timothy Sackton: Destruction.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna turn in.
Rev. David (he/him): feel like with the coin, we got some really useful important information that we do not understand what it is or how it fits with anything else.
Mike Sackton: No yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like a theme.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah just the chronology do we know anything about the chronology typically shown in the mirror, for example, was that last thing that we saw the most recent thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question I think so, oh no actually I remember when I when I showed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A piece of jade I felt like it went, like all the way the history first and then, when forwards.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: You have that that is that.
Timothy Sackton: That every time you've looked in the mirror, it has the scenes have preceded.
Timothy Sackton: have not been jumbled up, but whether it starts with the most recent or ends with the most recent is not obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they're in some order.
Timothy Sackton: Like the first time you ever went down with asked the mirror, how does the door open, I think it went from oldest to newest.
Timothy Sackton: But when you looked at the.
Timothy Sackton: When you looked at the the saboteur.
Timothy Sackton: It went from newest to oldest.
Timothy Sackton: So it seems to be so hard to predict whether it's going to go newest to oldest or oldest to newest, but it does seem to stay doesn't jump around it doesn't go all new or.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was also thinking it's funny how we were just discussing as we set out.
Eric Rosenbaum: How to make sure that the event the wagon itself containing the mirror is stolen, we might.
Eric Rosenbaum: find out where it's gone we hadn't considered that the mirror which we ourselves have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Arguably stolen could be reporting our position or something about us back to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Someone that does have it.
Mike Sackton: hasn't heard of somebody yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): But I mean I also feel like you don't miss is many centuries dead.
Mike Sackton: yeah Garrett, is not the most reliable narrator for everything that can happen with magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, or many centuries trapped.
I.
Rev. David (he/him): mean yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): You don't miss but.
Mike Sackton: You don't miss.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean he could be trapped somewhere I think it's unlikely.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the story of that tower, so the Tower is the locus of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: infinite electrical storm, where the storm giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was trapped.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep and that was you don't miss his former home.
Rev. David (he/him): And you don't miss trap the storm giant and took its eyes.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a way of controlling it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then later died Is that true.
Timothy Sackton: You don't your your understanding is that um.
Timothy Sackton: You don't miss somehow so there was that statue of giants had right and somehow you don't miss like linked the giant to the statue so its eyes, with a statues eyes it's mind with the statues mind, and that is how you don't miss control that.
Rev. David (he/him): And then, what triggered the storm, because the storm hasn't been there 500 years.
Eric Rosenbaum: or anything to do with the.
giant.
Timothy Sackton: You don't you never know you don't really know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What you were you know that the eyes were moved from the statue.
Mike Sackton: And it's.
Mike Sackton: didn't we have this idea that.
Mike Sackton: The giant was losing control.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so the.
Mike Sackton: arm could have been the giant was true right, possibly because this is what did he tell.
Rev. David (he/him): You.
Mike Sackton: He was losing control, because this is.
Timothy Sackton: What he told us, yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he was losing control.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the onset of the crazy electrical storms just was coincided with is being stolen right because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We found the body of the chart in like like charting treasure raiders again somehow like women there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got the eyes out giant get went crazy and he's still there.
Timothy Sackton: cracking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: saps and trying to not be crazy right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, and we're hoping at some point to go and find his eyes.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Rev. David (he/him): Give them back and then returned home destroyed or.
Mike Sackton: Something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
Mike Sackton: So.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning i'm third day on the road.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You have now clearly crossed into the the planes right yeah, you know as you every day, it seems to get a little bit more a little bit more vegetation um you know the road road itself.
Timothy Sackton: You know a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You know it, it just it's starting to feel a little bit more like these big open expanses of grassland and kind of more fertile terrain, as you ride in um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah there's again still some traffic on the road um.
Timothy Sackton: hold on one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK just sent you a message um.
Timothy Sackton: there's more traffic on those occasional traffic and and here it's not so much like you don't pass people heading to terawatt necessarily um you know you'll pass you'll you'll pass people who are you see you know.
Timothy Sackton: A few done Mari hunters following our herd of antelope or.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: You pass early the morning on the third day in the road i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like family have done Mario herders with flocks of sheep sort of not on the road right, these are people could just live out on these planes, who are you sort of into the passing into the more settled regions.
Eric Rosenbaum: At some point seeker looks extremely unsettled and looks around like with his hands kind of tourists temples.
Eric Rosenbaum: And goes over to wealthy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be speaking in my mind to be.
Rev. David (he/him): Sure me but it's not me.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Rev. David (he/him): Were someone else, what do they sound like what are they saying I could also be going crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little worried about that well we.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: voice said is she did Is it safe to talk and then said, my name is Tina.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tina yeah.
My name.
Rev. David (he/him): Is sort of halfway new.
Timothy Sackton: I mean half links are pretty broad and where they take names from.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't sound like.
Timothy Sackton: It could be would be it's a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: kind of fancy for a half my name.
Eric Rosenbaum: I start to pat my various pockets and patches and think.
Eric Rosenbaum: gosh they're all those figurines at a goddess place, some of which literally contains the trapped bodies and souls of people perhaps there are more than we knew about.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you should talk to a few the Tuesday it and it's safe to talk.
Rev. David (he/him): And how you doing today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay yeah I I did tell her that I got to is dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And she asks if we killed her i'll say um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we did.
Rev. David (he/him): burn the body.
Eric Rosenbaum: And okay so i'm communicating with a few Internet is we've.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've gotten rid of a data and and.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're working on a freeing those and trapped by her perhaps you're one of those.
Rev. David (he/him): What language does she speak in.
Timothy Sackton: Common.
Rev. David (he/him): With an accent.
Timothy Sackton: Tell patty I don't think there's accents and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then telepathy yeah.
interesting.
Timothy Sackton: um so she was assuming you're going to just tell everybody what she says.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: She she responds.
Timothy Sackton: I have been here for a long time, I think, but a God did not trapped me.
Timothy Sackton: She is truly dad you are sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our own hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is here for you, where Where are you.
Timothy Sackton: What is your name.
No.
Timothy Sackton: Who am I speaking to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meta game is there some power that can be had over being by knowing its name.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean only an all mythology ever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, my name is a kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A true name.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a self given name yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's not a shirt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: watkins they were true names.
Timothy Sackton: yep yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Timothy Sackton: There might see that none of you know anything about them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you can call me seeker.
Timothy Sackton: speaker.
Timothy Sackton: hold up your hand.
Timothy Sackton: fingers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you seeing through my eyes.
Timothy Sackton: No, that is where I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's a ring.
Rev. David (he/him): What.
Rev. David (he/him): What what.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i've got.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the which ring is that oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the one that can't be seen right, the one that you can't one that like weirdly makes itself invisible.
Rev. David (he/him): The thing is never ordered mine.
Eric Rosenbaum: There were a bunch of rings, but yeah, this is the it's a dwarf in silver ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: That your eyes just slide off of and it protects you against that's what when the reason I was puzzled actually I meant to ask him about that is that this ring is supposed to protect you from people reading your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody can speak you telepathy telepathically unless you let them, except.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I and so now i'm addressing the ring so you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're you're in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's a beautiful ring but.
Eric Rosenbaum: You must be very small.
Timothy Sackton: Not all of me isn't there.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
Timothy Sackton: I was killed.
Timothy Sackton: But this ring your ring now.
Timothy Sackton: held my soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: More precious than we realized this ring and so will it indeed protect me from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those willing to.
Eric Rosenbaum: communicate or control my mind, directly or.
Eric Rosenbaum: or or is that you doing those things.
Timothy Sackton: No, it will protect you.
Timothy Sackton: Has.
Timothy Sackton: Many powers.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what are some of the other powers.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it.
Timothy Sackton: will keep you from being possessed or charmed.
Timothy Sackton: from anyone from reading your thoughts against your well.
mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: intruding on your mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do tend to like to keep my mind, private and and and speaking of which as as a result of having acquired this free night I was it was especially unexpected to to hear you enter my mind.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the ring cannot prevent a soul in the ring from reaching the bear.
mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and how did you come to be in the room.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure I should trust you.
Timothy Sackton: You have some.
Timothy Sackton: Have a good feeling about you, but I need some assurance that that gotta is truly dead before I can speak freely how do I know how am I sure that this is not a trick of hers.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, what was the gutter to this person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps gato is the one to put her in there, we.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've brought we um.
Eric Rosenbaum: fun dispatching have to we went to her layer and.
Eric Rosenbaum: destroyed or took most of the powerful things that were there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we still have many of the artifacts that were in the layer such as well, I can't i'm not going to look at it now, but this mirror that traps souls and oh Garrett over there was a scarecrow in the yard and if you've ever got to meet him.
Timothy Sackton: This all happened, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: After I tangled winds the creature, you know as I got to dust.
Timothy Sackton: A fake creature, not from this realm.
Timothy Sackton: But she was banished many years ago.
Timothy Sackton: exiled from the failed for seeking to twist the promise bonded in solemn oath and sealed with blood and.
Timothy Sackton: She always had a knack for promising less than it seemed and getting more than she asked for in return somehow but.
Timothy Sackton: Not up with her and she was exiled.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the promise she sought to twist.
Timothy Sackton: That, I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: What I do know is when she fled she took something she was not supposed to take a branch of a tree, no more, but this was no ordinary tree.
Timothy Sackton: The living essence of a tree.
Timothy Sackton: This tree was the living essence of what itself and from such an item many powerful magic's could be worked of transformation or destruction for to control even.
Timothy Sackton: A piece of this tree has to control the elemental essence of what itself.
Timothy Sackton: Was the guardian of this tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you were the guardian of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: tree of all trees in the say wild.
Indian.
Timothy Sackton: And I failed in my duty.
Timothy Sackton: And was sent to retrieve the branch that I got to have stolen.
Timothy Sackton: I failed in this task.
Eric Rosenbaum: Until I got to trap you in this ring.
Timothy Sackton: A God that does not know she thought she had killed me destroyed my body erased all traces from this plane and all its echoes.
Timothy Sackton: But she failed in that goal, she did not know that this ring I wore a gift given to me long ago by Torben wizard who came seeking knowledge of the failed at the power to preserve my soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is this wonderful dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: was many years ago.
Timothy Sackton: His name was crap where's my list of names.
Timothy Sackton: name was.
Timothy Sackton: He was.
Timothy Sackton: He was old.
Timothy Sackton: older than.
Timothy Sackton: much older than any dwarf, I had known before since and they seem to have.
Timothy Sackton: studied the true essence of many things.
Timothy Sackton: of iron of steel.
Timothy Sackton: of stone and rock.
Timothy Sackton: But something eluded him, I believe, for any came.
Timothy Sackton: Seeking knowledge in the wild of the essence of those things that live.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can relate somehow and so he came seeking your tree.
Timothy Sackton: cannot believe he knew of my tree.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, when he arrived in the wild and.
Timothy Sackton: heard of such things he came and spoke to me.
Timothy Sackton: We spoke at length, we were.
Timothy Sackton: There I say friends even.
Timothy Sackton: He knew much that was hidden to me and I knew much that was hidden to him.
Timothy Sackton: And when we parted he gave me this ring you now bear as a token.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Timothy Sackton: When I died in this world, I hid from a goddess waiting.
Timothy Sackton: don't someone should claim this ring and your name seeker.
Timothy Sackton: reminded me of this Torben friend from ages past coming to seek knowledge from me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, there seems to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: The screen among dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: I will trust you.
Timothy Sackton: With this.
Timothy Sackton: secret.
Timothy Sackton: Believe.
Timothy Sackton: If you are willing to.
Timothy Sackton: Take this on if you can somehow return me this ring.
Timothy Sackton: To the a while.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that I can return to life for nude.
Timothy Sackton: But if God is truly dad there is no rush my mission is ended things to you and time does not pass for me in this state as it does for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Others.
Timothy Sackton: But if you know of a way to.
Timothy Sackton: REACH, the fe wild from here, or how such powers yourself.
Timothy Sackton: I would appreciate it.
Timothy Sackton: If you would consider such a journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A quick Meta game, what if we chose only side quests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You this one go find the giants eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we just only pursue side quests.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like prepare procrastination.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel i'm kind of leaning that way like go visit go visit your card.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like only side quests.
Mike Sackton: God why you go find the.
Mike Sackton: village that his God came from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm into that one too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like out support that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would go there.
For sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then finding Dimitar also personally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's not really a side quest.
Rev. David (he/him): Go to the thousand foot trees look that'd be awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh hell yeah I don't know where they are, though.
Rev. David (he/him): Their Easter on the first side of the segments according to dream.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should probably talk about our dreams and but.
Rev. David (he/him): Certainly, like on that thread count like probably seriously like.
Rev. David (he/him): What, what is the main quest.
Rev. David (he/him): I was like.
Timothy Sackton: Wait I feel like I didn't think you have a main class.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah but the postmodern approached.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's right there is no meaning.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is no purpose in life we're just travelers.
Rev. David (he/him): Like we've talked a lot of shit about charting but I don't feel like we have to go.
Rev. David (he/him): same thing or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean the only compelling thing about charting is getting those fucking eyes back, which is pretty good like that's like that's like the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other party right now.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It does Dr eyes back.
Rev. David (he/him): feel like any of the four of us are.
Rev. David (he/him): Particularly like committed to politics or like.
Mike Sackton: yeah down.
Rev. David (he/him): Things you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and.
Timothy Sackton: I mean very Meta game, like the only main quest that ever existed was the whole I got the.
Timothy Sackton: lake.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Dunbar thing you should feel you shouldn't feel compelled to like try and find the main class.
Timothy Sackton: Now that doesn't mean there's not other mysteries out there right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're radically free, we could settle down and start a little nonprofit and okra and be happy and.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM saying that we just beat the game, and now we.
Rev. David (he/him): Just perfect it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like speed run it, we should go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Back to begin.
Timothy Sackton: You guys have the worst.
Timothy Sackton: Speed rod record that I think that's ever been recorded last.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: tofino what what became of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: branch from the tree stolen by God did she bring it into this world.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's why I came here after her.
Eric Rosenbaum: and respect yeah.
Mike Sackton: It was gross would would.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it the grove that she made defending her layer that we did not destroy well I don't remember exactly what we did.
Mike Sackton: We did not destroy her growth, there were two two things that could be this would.
Mike Sackton: yeah thought found on one yeah was the small pot that turned creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We destroyed that stuff.
Mike Sackton: We did destroyed that the other was a grove cursed trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that attack, so I asked him.
Eric Rosenbaum: If he if either those things seem like they came from your tree.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, either.
Timothy Sackton: Either one.
Timothy Sackton: trees that walk in such a way as you describe are.
Timothy Sackton: Quite common and have a wild.
mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: hurting people to what last so but.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, such a power could be created from.
Timothy Sackton: This tree of all trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I got to seem to in particular have a hobbyist in trapping people inside of things, which is why I assume she had done that to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Many of them wouldn't figurines she also trapped a bunch of people in this mirror that we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the is the all powerful fucking thing that we still for no good reason that dealt with a hold that what is that thing.
Timothy Sackton: The Center chapter of command.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still, I still got that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's yeah what.
Mike Sackton: Did you did you keep it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's for back as far as I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the kept it pens, and like said better where's the is that made out of wood.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should no that's that's middletown we should check on the sector status every morning at breakfast though because i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow we have a friend, this is great.
Rev. David (he/him): This fabulous.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna go to the center's put, but I think the whole finding what's going on in Tokyo is basically a cyclist I think we should make sure not to get involved in the done Mari civil war.
Rev. David (he/him): A great.
Mike Sackton: A great fight.
Rev. David (he/him): And we committed to get to Tokyo with dirt so.
Mike Sackton: yeah and.
Rev. David (he/him): We immediately go to the.
Mike Sackton: I think we'll learn something and toker and then we can sort of.
Mike Sackton: Try and figure out what the best next move would be but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We still have to, we have to understand like what the Fuck happened in by when rye, and a bunch of fish mud people try to open up some portal, but maybe they did or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's what we're trying to find that the person that actually knows what the Fuck was going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and I still have some awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: bad guys trapped in the mirror right.
Timothy Sackton: You have an Arc that you don't know what they are, and you have a this hobgoblin from before the Great War, who was like an wanted to run her own little slave empire.
Timothy Sackton: Without interfering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so we can still do the trick of.
Eric Rosenbaum: talking to people inside the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: If you know their name.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah That was the thing and we get.
Timothy Sackton: to know the hobgoblin you.
Timothy Sackton: guest her name with some extreme lock right.
Timothy Sackton: Right you don't know the arcs name and you don't know nearly as much about orc naming.
Timothy Sackton: Basically down with knows enough as far enough and knows enough hobgoblin he could take a reasonable gas at what some hop Dublin names might be or acts are tougher none of you have nearly as much experience with orcs.
Timothy Sackton: can always just released them though right because you just need the cell number you don't need their name to release.
Eric Rosenbaum: tofino how did you come to be the guardian of the tree.
Timothy Sackton: I was born into it.
Timothy Sackton: father was the Guardian.
Timothy Sackton: and his mother before him.
Timothy Sackton: passes down the generations, we have always been the guardians of the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is there now a guardian since you're passing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps you don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I have not been back.
Timothy Sackton: my brother was the.
Timothy Sackton: Temporary defender of the tree when I left after I gotta and I.
Timothy Sackton: can only assume, he is still guarding it.
Timothy Sackton: More perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: his daughter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what became with that illustrious or saying that um do I know any of the history, do I recognize the name of this person.
Timothy Sackton: make a history check.
Timothy Sackton: So you don't know a lot.
Timothy Sackton: The name, though, is recorded in.
Timothy Sackton: So, this would have been actually before even the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: So many of so sad Derek was from the Kingdom of God, where Am I not.
Timothy Sackton: Wait which one, are you from.
Timothy Sackton: Remember their names, but you're from the art speaker from like that Kingdom that was like once the big old think that, like most famous one is like now kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: decided this, but it can.
Timothy Sackton: Be I can't remember either.
Timothy Sackton: Well, anyway, he is from is from the northern Kingdom that was.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: That was largely destroyed by the lake collapse of overage monastery and all the devastation to list of some bar that was once a major Durban kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: I see and so not very many records of him have survived.
Timothy Sackton: So all that you can remember from from what you could you know read when you were studying was that um Yes, he traveled widely and he was.
Timothy Sackton: He was he was seeking kind of the.
Timothy Sackton: Southern a lot of Durban riddick magic has been had been lost right.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's a lot of especially you know ruin the sort of the sort of magic that can permanently transform things right, so this was supposedly once part of like the to urban legends was like magic that could.
Timothy Sackton: A room that you could carve on something to permanently transform its form.
Timothy Sackton: And this knowledge had been lost, and that was the.
Timothy Sackton: record of him, that you have had seen was this with seat was trying to find seeking after this last knowledge that the key to unlocking the sort of permanent transformation of things.
Eric Rosenbaum: And hence the essences of things is what he was after.
Right.
that's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: won't be long before the mirror is recharged you don't miss this mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I personally would be interested to learn about exactly why Derek made this ring in the first place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds like fun.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The next.
Timothy Sackton: The next few days.
Timothy Sackton: Past quietly.
Timothy Sackton: you're about halfway there.
Timothy Sackton: it's me it's it's been an easy journey.
Timothy Sackton: Again, the road is not crowded, but you never you know clearly this is a people are feeling safe, a lot of people are spreading back out across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: You know, especially as you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: cross over the halfway point and begin to approach toker like you know you get a sense of how of like what life and done mar was like.
Timothy Sackton: You know back a year ago, before all of the devastation and the danger and everything happened, you know.
Timothy Sackton: On the fifth day around lunchtime you pass another.
Timothy Sackton: Small family encampments set off set up a little bit off the road um there is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a ruined like piece of an aqua docked that runs along the road.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe about a mile north of the road, but clearly visible across the plains was like a little done Mari encampments setup there sheltering in the shade of the of the aqueduct on the midday sun.
Timothy Sackton: You know that evening of the fifth day.
Timothy Sackton: You know you you pass again.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you want to go investigate the awkward.
Eric Rosenbaum: How, how would that have been create great war.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who built those out.
Timothy Sackton: And now you have to go check it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean obviously it's a stone structure.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers curious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: check it out yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brief aside question.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): it's great percent.
Eric Rosenbaum: A fractal cyclists with cyclists.
Timothy Sackton: TAO you ride turn off the road riding North for about a mile and approaching the the aqueduct.
Timothy Sackton: There is a group of about eight done Mari maybe 10 kind of set up in a camp looks like they've been here for maybe a day or two they've got goats a big herd of goats and horses.
um.
Timothy Sackton: One one woman rides up and ways that you as as seeker kind of.
Timothy Sackton: keeps pairing around like looking at the aqua Doc.
Timothy Sackton: yeah go ahead and make a.
Timothy Sackton: guess a history check with advantage.
Do you.
Timothy Sackton: um so it's it's drink Korean in origin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: quite old maybe 1000 years old.
Timothy Sackton: Some fairly poor repair, there are there are some like runes that are etched along one of the sides that are still faintly visible at carved into the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wood those before.
i'm a.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you can read anything ah, it is um, it is a incantation to purify water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where are they carrying water from into.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just based on like the direction that we're facing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that you have no idea I mean the aqueduct runs.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe about three miles from here i'm continuing following the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: To run these twists.
Timothy Sackton: It runs east, west.
Eric Rosenbaum: But which way is that even like so it'll be slipping down because it's a gravity system.
Timothy Sackton: wow that landscape was been radically reshaped since Dunbar right.
Timothy Sackton: This whole area used to be.
Timothy Sackton: All of sorry since drink or all of this used to be.
Timothy Sackton: That when the mountains when they move on to the mountains are raised up at the end during the chaos, at the end of the Great War, the whole interior plane of done my was also raised up that's how you get this high desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, and there are currently you know rivers to eastern west coast to the West but that may have changed.
Timothy Sackton: You know the River to the east, was still there.
Timothy Sackton: Because that's where.
Timothy Sackton: That was the River heart, I may not have still been there may have flowed.
Timothy Sackton: it's its course may have changed, but the the cartel river that Carson is on.
Timothy Sackton: Was.
Timothy Sackton: I know actually because toker predate the great war as well right so both of these rivers were still there.
Mike Sackton: But this is just three miles of aqua Doc I mean it it's broken.
Timothy Sackton: Its broken yeah it's cracked it's ruined.
mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what.
Eric Rosenbaum: great city was in the desert that this presumably was.
Timothy Sackton: Well wasn't desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rights.
Eric Rosenbaum: As on the plains here.
Timothy Sackton: It was it was savannah grassland light for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In Brazil is part of the wasn't as part of the the great elven empire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like when there's to cease to be like fucking huge horsemanship.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Mike Sackton: worth working for.
Eric Rosenbaum: even longer ago.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're looking this woman rides up or kind of comes out of her tent and.
travelers.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome
Mike Sackton: greetings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: greetings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: semi install cider.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: she's you know curious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, trying to kill us.
Timothy Sackton: yeah friendly.
Timothy Sackton: is particularly interested in this weird assemblage.
Timothy Sackton: brings.
Timothy Sackton: Such a.
Timothy Sackton: unusual collection of people out on the plains today.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you coming from.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were in Kerala but but we.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, in particular, I should say i'm especially interested in the historical.
Eric Rosenbaum: interest of these aqueduct ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Old.
Timothy Sackton: drink Korean it's all I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and what brings you folks out to this part of the world.
Timothy Sackton: She like opened their hands out on the the flock of.
Timothy Sackton: goats and horses, we live here, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Just camping here for a few days.
Mike Sackton: we're heading okra you had any news from.
Mike Sackton: From there recently.
Timothy Sackton: We left two weeks ago.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: or just a week ago.
Timothy Sackton: When we heard the news that it was safe to travel again.
Timothy Sackton: have to say it wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't too thrilled was.
Timothy Sackton: spending so much time in the city.
Mike Sackton: Excuse me.
Mike Sackton: see any foreigners there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's some chart audience who arrived recently with the army.
Timothy Sackton: Or, helping to.
Timothy Sackton: protect the.
Timothy Sackton: The border, I guess, but.
Timothy Sackton: skeptical.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I guess that's now the border of donmar according to our great some rock car nos.
Timothy Sackton: haven't you heard.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: same or.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know.
Mike Sackton: we've heard this.
Timothy Sackton: i've heard this many times.
Mike Sackton: Remember that all the people who came back to Carol like yeah the King was was like screw you people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right right right okay.
Mike Sackton: and his form of screw you people was not so much actually to attack them or do anything bad, but it was just to say out dope to grab is the border.
Mike Sackton: Anybody just have to cry can die in a fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I.
Timothy Sackton: heard some strange rumors from the north, though lots of fires.
Timothy Sackton: like an unusual amount of burning for this time of year, I mean we always got fires, but.
Timothy Sackton: you've been up that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What part of the North.
Timothy Sackton: northeast of here, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know hundred miles.
Timothy Sackton: couple of hundred and 50 miles like up by the mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't rain.
Mike Sackton: Storm there.
Mike Sackton: seems fixed on the earth.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, that.
Timothy Sackton: seems bad.
Mike Sackton: I suspect.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of the land has.
burned.
Mike Sackton: has spread the fires.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna be a hard.
Timothy Sackton: fall without.
Timothy Sackton: grass.
Rev. David (he/him): Have you seen many children enjoy traveling West toward to Accra.
Rev. David (he/him): adventurous West.
coming out of the desert.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: So I heard a story from him when we were in toker together, he had a little.
Timothy Sackton: bar I guess you'd call it set up along the river.
Timothy Sackton: Very good guess there was.
Timothy Sackton: A group of folks who came.
Timothy Sackton: In came into Tokyo, maybe three weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: I want to say.
Timothy Sackton: chardon ian's coming from from out this way from out in the desert had been out in the desert, for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: I never saw them I just I just heard secondhand.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe maybe early June beginning of June, they came in.
Timothy Sackton: don't know if you're still there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many of them.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, a handful maybe 10 I heard.
Mike Sackton: of many other folks who have TELCO like you.
Timothy Sackton: yeah most of us emptying out.
Timothy Sackton: Cities aren't really our thing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean when you have this why lock yourself up in a belt and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: make sense to me.
Timothy Sackton: You can stay stay the afternoon happy to feed you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we hungry.
Timothy Sackton: You got plenty of food.
Rev. David (he/him): centric done Marie pastoralist meal like that's a.
Rev. David (he/him): it's a new cultural experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: What will be are you saying are endless supply from this tea kettle of water drinker ketchup and mayonnaise is an adequate to your teeth.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you gotta conquer day so.
Mike Sackton: We haven't been eating badly.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should offer them some is it, but they don't get much out here.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's true or maybe we could pour it to the aqueduct I wonder if those rooms to work.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, I want to scale the aqueduct how tall is the thing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah ah.
Timothy Sackton: Alright don't know 20 feet up.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah yeah let's stay and he come up there and see what's up there and.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll doing it via clairvoyance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: handle the jump up there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't bother to scale he just jumps.
Mike Sackton: That will kind of just.
Mike Sackton: Look at your antic stay in the grab like a sensible person.
Timothy Sackton: If it's pretty unstable at the top.
Timothy Sackton: there's but there's you know there's a channel or water runs and there's and there's a lot more rooms, like the whole.
Timothy Sackton: So, like there's the sides right and then there's the bottom, but all along those two sides are the water runs through that's just as decorative pattern.
Timothy Sackton: almost like waves flowing and then there will be a chunk of ruins, and then a decorative pattern again.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just kind of carved into the stone.
Timothy Sackton: One side is sort of weathered and worn out, but the other side seems more protected the the yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you spend a little while poking around make an investigation check.
Mike Sackton: Also sort of glance at the Denver area and kind of walk up to me and just sort of.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Try to make it seem a little bit normal that travels with people who've done 20 feet.
Mike Sackton: We.
um.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah moonlight.
Rev. David (he/him): reflects our guests.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um so.
Timothy Sackton: So that that you do notice actually while be as you're poking around that.
Timothy Sackton: That stone feels wet.
Timothy Sackton: Which is stressed, because it hasn't rained for like two months.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if i'm clairvoyant sitting up there, can I copy while down standing next will to deal with copy out the room as best I can so he can have a look.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
Timothy Sackton: Vega make a dexterity check.
Eric Rosenbaum: doing things in two places at once.
Rev. David (he/him): And I think i'll come to the higher end of.
Rev. David (he/him): The two ends and like empty out my full water skin.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm both to see what happens and.
Rev. David (he/him): see if it does anything with the water for being there.
Timothy Sackton: um okay well that was doing that because drawn cans are you doing anything at this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is just kind of up in this person watching watching this on hold on hold relaxing.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Getting some sun.
Timothy Sackton: So so dial with the.
Timothy Sackton: The the runes that are the sort of magical incantation that speaker sketches out.
Timothy Sackton: say.
Timothy Sackton: What would they say.
Timothy Sackton: Create.
Timothy Sackton: it's like an incantation to like create dost and no.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell from what secret drew.
Eric Rosenbaum: This I might have got it backwards.
Mike Sackton: To look over at secret say.
Mike Sackton: That really what you see up there i'm gonna have to go check for myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'll show the cigarette cigarette there's all sorts of rooms up here, you will be like copy these down or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe maybe that would That would be good.
Timothy Sackton: site, so you pour your water skin out while the and.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely more water in the awkward dark, then you poured out.
Eric Rosenbaum: How we're gonna fit this thing on the wagon.
Mike Sackton: Someone holds it goes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we are in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: it's it's how it's 20 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: That was a look around for a minute and then just kind of shrug and step up.
Timothy Sackton: done Mario now looking like.
A little it is happening.
Mike Sackton: Well, that was the shrug like what's the point here.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly and and carrots also kind of looking at them like.
Timothy Sackton: I know what is happening and then add like start it goes over he's like they're obsessed with magic.
Mike Sackton: yeah we're totally be covering the people we ate.
Mike Sackton: What, now that i'm up here i'm going to use sight of America detect if it's magical.
Timothy Sackton: There is a faint.
Timothy Sackton: There is a very faint magic and almost it feels like it's.
Timothy Sackton: faded, but just.
Mike Sackton: A little.
Mike Sackton: ECHO I assume the rooms actually say something about creating what are.
Timothy Sackton: They what they say is they say it's it's almost like replicate water or enhance like duplicate water not creative thin air, but make it make more double something that exists.
whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds a SEC this.
Mike Sackton: That could be useful to live in Marty share.
Rev. David (he/him): With with the ladder that could be always.
Rev. David (he/him): it's like you just get the water, I wanted to bring it back to the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean if we can knock it down with enough of it intact, we could just bring it down to the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: or, even better, if I could see learn these rooms, I might be able to apply them to new places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh hell yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): You could somehow loop water from the lower end back to the upper end which does defy the laws of physics, like you could get a.
Rev. David (he/him): perpetual water machine.
Mike Sackton: It it probably doesn't infinitely recreate the water infinitely right like you probably can't hook it up in such a way as do flood all of earth with infinitely doubling what.
Eric Rosenbaum: You say so but there's still the experiments to be done to.
Eric Rosenbaum: verify that.
Mike Sackton: We know tried flight all of the earth, for they shouldn't be recreated one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So TIM is this feature of the room that does the doubling part as distinct from the waterpark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, because syntactic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah operator.
Timothy Sackton: Make it intelligence jack.
Nice so.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you are not like completely an expert in.
Timothy Sackton: deciphering.
Timothy Sackton: incantations at the moment, and this is not a Durban incantation, it is a drain Korean incantation that is actually quite unfamiliar to you that dealt with is just translating because.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he can read the ruins that are written and and what you get the sense actually is that there is something.
Timothy Sackton: Like like this incantation is not actually what is the ruins that are written the done Mari words that are or drink Korean words is not actually what is creating the magic.
Timothy Sackton: Right, this is like a.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: But this is not this is like this is like a.
Timothy Sackton: Something that activates the magic or is like some kind of.
Timothy Sackton: ritual.
Timothy Sackton: incantation or something, but there is something out that's like the route like these are not magic reasons right, this is like.
Mike Sackton: it's the whole mix of the aqueduct have the faint.
Timothy Sackton: Like if I saw it can tend to.
Timothy Sackton: It continues for about 100 yards and then there's a place where the stone is broken and cracked and the magic ends there like there's this one sort of relatively intact stretch that goes 100 yards, which has this faint magic.
Mike Sackton: Is is the area around to particularly wash.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, actually.
Rev. David (he/him): I wonder minigame like it's, this is a stretch, like every hundred miles or something they double the water to account for what's less for evaporation other hand, if you can just magically create water, why do you need aqua ducks.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's because they can't just create it, they can only increase with.
Their.
Suppose.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it is like a repeater like you're saying.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you would know seeker it's much easier to.
Timothy Sackton: Creating things out of thin air as a more difficult magic than.
Timothy Sackton: Increasing.
Timothy Sackton: The quantity of something that already exists.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certainly yeah something like usefully long lasting also because the water can just like manage after an hour or something for it to be useful, when you drink it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so the magic is not magic is what bell with is determining.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's somehow intrinsic to the stones structure.
Timothy Sackton: enchantment that was laid on the stone structure, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use the goggles on it today.
Could.
Eric Rosenbaum: I use the goggles on it.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: jump back down.
Timothy Sackton: to identify it or to.
Timothy Sackton: Do on our kind of check to try and figure out more about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was thinking to do identify.
Timothy Sackton: pastor them if I.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So So yes, this is basically a repeater it's like water is going on, really long distance but it's you know subtropical and evaporates and so every some number of miles, this is a stretch that can be act that activates to when water flows over it to.
Timothy Sackton: increase the amount of water that is flowing.
Mike Sackton: i'll jump back down and i'll tell the walk back over to the one we were talking to you.
Mike Sackton: Know ask her if she's ever noticed this particular good fertile wash piece of pasture.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's this.
Timothy Sackton: always come here to grey as it's good territory and when it rains the water.
Timothy Sackton: You know pours down off that thing.
sugar.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely, a good place.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Be careful don't.
Timothy Sackton: don't ruin this.
Timothy Sackton: What are your friends doing up there.
Mike Sackton: They just want to know how it works.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I have no idea how it works.
Mike Sackton: But it is that, as you sound like you may suspect that.
Mike Sackton: That ancient piece of drink Korean aqueduct.
Mike Sackton: Increases the rain that spills on it by quite a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Does I thought it just I thought there was just a pool up there that.
Timothy Sackton: gathers water.
Rev. David (he/him): magic a clinic that and again.
Mike Sackton: Any water you pour there will be increased, when it comes off.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Mike Sackton: bring a barrel up there and dump it will have more water at the end.
Rev. David (he/him): Secret can you share this thing up there are parts of it that look rickety.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking, I might even make a set of stairs to help you get up to the high end and perhaps a little base in at the lower.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Timothy Sackton: That that would be.
Timothy Sackton: very useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I said to work on that I can do that making, of course, permanent structures right.
Eric Rosenbaum: With holders.
Timothy Sackton: yeah moulder doesn't go away, I mean it's just moves around and you're pretty skilled with.
Timothy Sackton: masonry and architecture.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah I don't take you a you know, most of the rest of the afternoon, but once they realize what you're doing you know, several of the like you know teenagers running around camp come to help.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I direct the operation, creating a big yeah sort of.
Timothy Sackton: like an earthen bomb that goes up to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm sort of ramp so you can get up.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: A little channel, so that the water spills out into something that you can gather it and.
Timothy Sackton: This is this is quite nice to know, thank you.
Mike Sackton: magic is an ancient and fading so I.
Mike Sackton: cannot tell you how long it will last but hopefully years at least.
Timothy Sackton: Only the gods can tell us that but.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you've always smiles on us the water will keep coming.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am also while we're up there in a in a break in a moment of you know resting I.
Eric Rosenbaum: dig out the kettle and see if it will multiply the content, the quantity of other liquids.
Timothy Sackton: So it doesn't seem to know it, that does and actually you notice now that one speaker or once well being poured is.
Timothy Sackton: wider scan it seems to require some time to recharge so like even if you pour water over it now nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly it's a.
Timothy Sackton: The magic has faded enough that it's not constant or it requires some recharge or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David (he/him): Side quest complete.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good work guys.
Timothy Sackton: So you spend the night.
Mike Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait we eat their food with you right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah yeah so so she's right she's very grateful for all of this um.
Timothy Sackton: You know what you've done.
Mike Sackton: i'll go poke around and help them cook slash see if I can learn something.
Timothy Sackton: So they so so so she brings out.
Timothy Sackton: The like the Nice stuff right, so they have some some dried some dried fruit and i'm just like a nice platter of like like flat breads dried fruit.
Timothy Sackton: they've kept here because they slaughtered a goat a couple days ago, and so they've got goat skewers cooked over the fire nicely spiced.
Timothy Sackton: Some, like like honey cakes for dessert.
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's a pretty good spread it's it's like you know better it's all fresh right you're mostly eating trial rations which is pretty much.
Timothy Sackton: You know hard goats cheese a card goods cheese and and drag jerky unlike hard brad or cracker type things right so it's nice to get some fresh food some especially some.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the freshly cooked meat and then the honey cake for dessert has a nice treat as well.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a nice meal.
Timothy Sackton: everybody's please like the the kids are like running up the ramp and like look poking around and look at it pretty disappointed that, like anything they pour nothing happens like tried in the morning, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't pee in there.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, every single one of them is connected.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll take this opportunity to heat up some dinner but i'm still here and listening.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So the next morning break camp returned to the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We mark the location of US aqueduct on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah yeah, so this is about halfway.
Timothy Sackton: So, this would be right where's the.
Timothy Sackton: i'll put it in.
Timothy Sackton: This is yeah like like rate they're.
Timothy Sackton: Roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the ley lines tuition.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the road traveling.
Timothy Sackton: That is a good question hold on.
Mike Sackton: I come map of all the Tigers and lions and your photoshop thing.
Timothy Sackton: Should I do I have, I have.
Mike Sackton: A you have a photoshop layer of all.
Timothy Sackton: I have a layer with the ley lines, I need to open photoshop hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forget what the ley lines intuition is here ley lines dynamic, or are they a pretty big kind of stay.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't really don't really now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean rhinos.
Timothy Sackton: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay let's see layers this is kind of messed up it's like you know, for years, like Dave Kong played right as a character and had access to stuff and now it's like I don't play writing more now rise like just fucking dude like I don't like cut off, you know.
Timothy Sackton: The broken gay duo there is actually a ley line that seems to be riding along where this aqueduct is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at the moment there hasn't been one along the road for very long, but as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you spend a little bit of time looking around right now, it does seem like there's one that that is that is following the course of this awkward.
Timothy Sackton: But generally speaking, the whole time you've been traveling there hasn't been any along the road.
Timothy Sackton: there's one that there's one that runs North from Kerala but none that run West at least along the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: So perhaps this ley line follows the slightly different.
Eric Rosenbaum: trajectory.
Eric Rosenbaum: down the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's just saying it briefly here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And perhaps crossing it in the same on the same trajectory that the.
aqueduct was right.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The next.
Timothy Sackton: The next you know, three or four days say the next.
Timothy Sackton: The next four days.
Timothy Sackton: are an eventful as you travel along along this road.
Timothy Sackton: Continuing towards toker you're now maybe two days out from toe graph i'm.
Timothy Sackton: approaching you're still like 50 miles away so you can't like see the River really clearly yet.
Timothy Sackton: On clear days it's still like Tokyo still a little bit, but beyond the horizon right, so you can't can't quite see it even.
Timothy Sackton: Even given.
Timothy Sackton: A clear day but with that, like with the days delay to explore the aqueduct.
Timothy Sackton: At you know your your maybe you'll get there, and about two days from now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's definitely the population density has increased as you've gotten closer towards soaker like you know many, many more families now kind of heading out east.
Timothy Sackton: You know a lot of people didn't leave absolutely immediately so there's been a trickle that's now sort of turning more into a flat, as you know, the whole population that spent that sort of lived on these planes more or less withhold was like hiding in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: During the nola tax very crowded like full of people.
Timothy Sackton: Right now they're all slowly starting to spread out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like it's like the anti pandemic.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: wow um so you know it's been about a week it's been eight you've been on the road for eight days now nine days.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror having.
Timothy Sackton: recharged during the course of your travels and looking at the.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at the coin.
Timothy Sackton: And here, as you sort of make camp, the afternoon evening a couple days out from toe craft, you have another opportunity to use the mirror if you'd like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For us on the ring right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what we discussed.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no other ideas in the docket perhaps we can try that.
Timothy Sackton: Again idea you're not supposed to keep talking.
Timothy Sackton: Correct yes.
Mike Sackton: So think to me the Scorpions and the bio are good choices, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this quarter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mile to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me but.
Mike Sackton: We could do the vial now where the Scorpions now just i'm still really curious what the Scorpions.
Rev. David (he/him): let's do the Scorpions because, like we've carried the vial around for months now.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): few more weeks does make a difference that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay i'll do the Scorpions who's gonna who's gonna get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: della.
Eric Rosenbaum: della okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you are taking the Scorpions out of the pouch.
Mike Sackton: yeah us may chance like oh is.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's our questions.
Mike Sackton: These are totally normal Scorpions that I just used for food or something but.
Mike Sackton: I want to think about how they were created.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make our wisdom check.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to read in action to shoot the giant scorpion that explodes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's too far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it was also ready to attack shit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah, you want to add your bardic inspiration if CRC colby your inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah we do that again.
Timothy Sackton: can take the highest.
Rev. David (he/him): boy.
Timothy Sackton: So you hold up the scorpion that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're definitely fighting for me I don't.
Rev. David (he/him): Change the map don't treasure map.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't change the basic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tim's gonna ask us where we can pin.
Timothy Sackton: You hold up the scorpion.
Timothy Sackton: scorpion with me each hand.
Timothy Sackton: And you see reflected in the mirror a giant scorpion struggling against.
Timothy Sackton: Your hand struggling like railing against this.
Timothy Sackton: invisible force that's holding it in place.
Timothy Sackton: And as you out that's reflected in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You see, the tail begin to come up and it.
Timothy Sackton: The tail strikes down and hits whatever seems to be holding the reflection of the scorpion in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You pause the the.
Timothy Sackton: The vision pauses for a second.
Timothy Sackton: The scorpion sort of turns around.
Timothy Sackton: Looking back and forth, and you see the scorpion that you're holding with major hand begin to turn.
Rev. David (he/him): nope nope.
Looking.
Timothy Sackton: back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: Then turns and looks I didn't.
shoot an error.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
Timothy Sackton: Making a doctoral.
Mike Sackton: This isn't going to end well.
Rev. David (he/him): well.
Timothy Sackton: As your as your arrow flies past the scorpion it suddenly begins to start to grow turning into its reflection in the mirror.
Rev. David (he/him): Actually um.
Rev. David (he/him): Wait I think I have advantage on it.
Timothy Sackton: What Why would you go from steady aim.
Timothy Sackton: How did you get advantage.
Studying.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay nevermind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your arrows like.
The scorpion.
Timothy Sackton: shatters that into dust.
Timothy Sackton: As the mirror goes black.
Timothy Sackton: Just as it starts to move as this little skirts or scorpion starts to turn and it turns back to look at all of you have arrow from well be just.
Timothy Sackton: flies out and destroys that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that was that was alarming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many of those were there.
Timothy Sackton: or four.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have three more.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what have we learned.
Rev. David (he/him): We learned there a giant Scorpions stuffed inside these little things.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah and if we.
Rev. David (he/him): Look at them or move them or think too hard about them, they turn back into giant Scorpions again.
Mike Sackton: Possibly if we attack them.
Rev. David (he/him): know it started wiggling before I shot it.
Mike Sackton: Ah that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that bag is tied really tightly though right so should be fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it was when it solid self in the mirror is that became aware of itself and started activating again right.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): But a bird like that once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should probably burn this bag of Scorpions.
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking, what are we keeping them for.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It doesn't seem like these are gonna do anything useful for us, other than potentially kill us in our sleep.
Mike Sackton: i'm i'm with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you should throw them in the fire activating them.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should chop them up in their current form, like to me the arrow suggests that if we just destroy them when they're small they won't activate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use that reduce magic also.
Eric Rosenbaum: To I don't think we have.
Mike Sackton: let's just destroy them.
Timothy Sackton: So how are you how are you destroying them.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: I will dump them on the ground.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep it in the bag, let me keep them in the bag and do terrible things to them inside the bag.
Rev. David (he/him): Just like hit them with a hammer, over and over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Again, if I dispel magic well that released the thing that's keeping them in their.
Mike Sackton: In their fight.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will create a giant two handed ball.
Mike Sackton: And just.
Mike Sackton: smash fam with the mall.
Timothy Sackton: near a few.
Timothy Sackton: crunching sounds as you gradually turn the Scorpions the back that contains the Scorpions the ground around the bag that.
Rev. David (he/him): contains into.
dust.
Timothy Sackton: And then kick the dust into the fire and watch it burn.
Timothy Sackton: The Scorpions are no more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we dealt thoroughly that hypothetical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably didn't we now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game 10 where the Scorpions are you ever going to activate those two opinions at some point that we're gonna do something stupid that caused them to like wake up and kill us all in our sleep.
Mike Sackton: Joe pivot South America, if.
Timothy Sackton: You touch them or expose them to direct magical effects they reanimated.
Timothy Sackton: Well non cantrell magical effects.
Mike Sackton: So the main chat constantly passion to have a chat with us.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But casting reduce on them would have caused them to enlarge.
Eric Rosenbaum: thereby perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Having no effect at all.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at large and then have to make a saving or I guess being reduced again.
Right.
Rev. David (he/him): Really horrible man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What other things of that of that we have that we're carrying around with this just adds to my dad.
Timothy Sackton: likes.
Mike Sackton: or anything, no.
Rev. David (he/him): Witness warm bubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: A way like.
Timothy Sackton: Most of what you're carrying wasn't was just stuffs we.
Mike Sackton: Had we dealt with was fairly careful so for some reason that I still don't understand.
Mike Sackton: Well, be was to keep the crazy fly that's going to try to kill us.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel very strongly like this fly is going to be a friend and it's under a compulsion to do what it's doing, but that it wants to be a friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I think we just have to like introduce it to baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, get them behaving together as friends at the party.
Mike Sackton: And then we have a creepy bottle.
Mike Sackton: I don't know why we're keeping the creepy bottle.
Timothy Sackton: To bottle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah and what's this one bottle again.
Timothy Sackton: away, did you use that are now you use the elite, though.
Mike Sackton: preserve elite and.
Mike Sackton: It creates Lucas.
Mike Sackton: She used this against us.
Mike Sackton: Yes, 42, this is the this case, the locus that tore apart one of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's just you know self Defense.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: i've shared nothing bad will happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're securely, you know as long as I just don't trip and fall and break the bottle against my clothing by accident.
Rev. David (he/him): As long as you're never in combat or dangerous or urgent situations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, I can always just use the ember web item.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: Why are we keeping you have an emperor web two what is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: creates a website I should I shouldn't even mentioned that that's also similarly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a little bit of insurance for my personal well being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, where I kept the netflix of tongues.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we've learned that.
Mike Sackton: I got rid of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and the black light candle is just in case we need to like have some darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: nothing wrong with that.
Mike Sackton: they'll probably say, these are things she took with her from when she came from the.
Rev. David (he/him): ember web idiots contrition magic and has a spider inside it.
Mike Sackton: yeah we know what it does it someone's a web.
Timothy Sackton: If someone's a web.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah super.
Timothy Sackton: Secret identified all of these.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: link.
Mike Sackton: If you want to be so cautious about anything you should really wonder why we're kicking around a mirror that lets you spy on people's dreams.
Timothy Sackton: it's true using their blood no last.
yeah.
like that.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah but that's like when we need to go into the dream world and, like sorry.
Rev. David (he/him): super handy yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's actually that's the origin know we should mirror year that beer.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's good.
Rev. David (he/him): I could have used the Raven whistle the flap to be aqueduct.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What is that being the Raven with a lets you fly for as long as you can continually blow out a whistle, which is, I think, five plus your Constitution modifier rounds.
Timothy Sackton: wow and it's only once per day.
that's.
Rev. David (he/him): Three times for.
Timothy Sackton: Free it says 333 times per day.
Eric Rosenbaum: To wherever you fly it can fly back.
Timothy Sackton: Right so Garrett watching this whole scene is like I told you.
Timothy Sackton: That magic is bad news.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah we're not arguing with you.
Timothy Sackton: So continuing on do you have any more conversations tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you want that, and guys I got maybe like 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: minutes, yes please 5020.
Timothy Sackton: that's what i'm aiming you'll get well stop when we get to talk.
Timothy Sackton: Nice that should work out perfectly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, I like super duper happy, can we pause for like two minutes.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, what was the name of a did we come up with names for my two friends, we did right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, i've got a bunch of of.
Timothy Sackton: Let me pull up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I have said word to the monastery that we were coming.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, how would you send word exactly it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fighter writer in a.
Timothy Sackton: You know somebody who was just gonna ride faster than you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know what, when we were we've been in in a we had decided to go to Tokyo, a while ago.
Timothy Sackton: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we then we were in which we call it the.
Timothy Sackton: Care you could assign.
Timothy Sackton: You could have sent word ahead if you wanted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think would send were to head to the monastery and let them know that we were coming so we'd have a place to stay i'd also send word to my friend who runs the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also remember that we may stay there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's kind of it here's the.
Timothy Sackton: here's the people you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And there's one more.
Timothy Sackton: Well here's two more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can role play this out actually I can explain this to you guys what what our potential lodgings will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's harness.
Timothy Sackton: Is the current king of the Somme rot the ruler of Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God and the brother of the.
Timothy Sackton: brother of Sarah.
Timothy Sackton: So these other yeah, these are the guys, you know.
Timothy Sackton: and actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Joe harsh, the one that potentially could be working in the archives now yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So took her is going to be interesting place this is, I mean there's probably like a lot of large ship going down in Tokyo in general right because, like all the people that are coming from eastern terroir that went there that you know, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever car nasa's like know what the Fuck are you guys doing trying to like to take up you know refuge here and the must been all kinds of unrest during the past like bunch of a bunch of.
Timothy Sackton: Probably a whole bunch more side, crafts into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like all kinds of like we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent drama.
Mike Sackton: Did you do i'm just trying to find him where did you put the rumors that I that dealt with collected.
Timothy Sackton: But I put them in your.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay see that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright i'm back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the next morning right.
Timothy Sackton: You ride.
Timothy Sackton: Again, through the planes.
Timothy Sackton: Another eventful day on eventful day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, just as we ride to TIM i'm just going to share the.
Timothy Sackton: Video.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just it's like you know, at some point during the journey, you know kenza, though, is we're kind of riding her campaign let's say it's over a meal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, as you all know, spent many years in Tokyo, so I know pretty well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we first arrived.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still have friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the at the monastery so we could we could stay there, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also have a friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A bar keep it and in that's a bit on the outskirts of the city, which I used to kind of traveled to you know a little bit here and there, and when I was at the monastery, and so I don't know if if you all have a preference.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the monasteries on the outskirts of the city, so the way the kind of city works there's the main.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know city within the walls, but then outside the walls there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, still still a variety of like commerce and some places to stay and so on, outside the city walls so i've got i've got a friend that works in an in an outside the city and it's a little bit more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean TIM it's not going to be as Nice as the crumbs place right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, this is a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: that's easier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah it's it's not the nicest lodgings that we've stayed in we have a lot more money and items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That may We may want a little more security for, in which case you know, maybe going to the monastery might be a little bit better it's a little more discreet a little more out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Eric Rosenbaum: You wouldn't be referring to the iron swan would you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM.
Timothy Sackton: know the place, you know as vm off.
You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know what you what what's I heard the hardest one TIM probably right.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe yeah name rings a bell it's at 12 and tavern there's like a small dorm and quarter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah and yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the place that I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of you, you said that before.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have stayed there before.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you what.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah cuz you pass.
Timothy Sackton: Through to craft, so you would have stayed there for a few days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, i'm the.
Eric Rosenbaum: keeper their.
Eric Rosenbaum: Easter fire forage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Solid dwarf seems trustworthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, that human or is there, though.
Timothy Sackton: you've never seen any humans day there, but maybe you could.
Eric Rosenbaum: see if I can I would warmish place you know, but I could do I could talk to her about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um my vote would be to leave our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, cancer kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nods his head towards the wagon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To like I might be a little bit safer at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just a little bit out of the way a little bit more, and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so I don't know I feel like we might be a good place to to I sent more to had to let them know that we may be coming so i'm might not be a bad place to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least have that be our home base for a little bit while we figure out what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want, we can always move into the city if we if we feel like it, I mean this is more money than i've ever had my entire life i've ever seen in my entire life recently so sure we could find some nice lodgings if you really wanted that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps even more important than the physical security is just keeping a low profile like we don't want to attract attention of people that will certainly that would just be.
Eric Rosenbaum: interested in theft, but maybe more importantly, that have turned on in affiliations.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we don't want to attract the attention of trader hunters I don't think.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you know the one good thing for us is that there's a lot going on there's a lot of drama and took her seems like right now so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure how much we are going to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the radar.
Rev. David (he/him): there's probably lots of groups of a human adore for half thing and then else coming from the East that we can blend in a month.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: So put on ridiculous disguises.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's I think it's.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we're there for someone who's looking for us and knows the composition of this group we're very, very visible yes.
Mike Sackton: But I think if we could.
Mike Sackton: arrive.
Mike Sackton: quietly at the monastery perhaps without everybody knowing.
Rev. David (he/him): That we went there stay.
Mike Sackton: there and then, if needed, establish another prob we could even establish more showy place in town that we don't really stay at we needed some misdirection or we're worried about thieves trying to steal her things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who don't need to overcomplicate it, I think the main roster is a good start.
Mike Sackton: To begin with, I think, keeping a low profile and staying at the monastery is a good start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM Meta game, or just I mean do eat you know because we we like kind of sit terroir and we were all like fucking heroes and shit like are there is it like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like do people know about us or they're like are the people like Oh, the four euros and blah blah blah like is this like something that, like in to grow, they would actually know about us because.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean style remember as soon as you came back from having killed the gotta and saved everything lash right to cry to toe everybody these amazing heroes save killed the gotta and saved everybody it's safe to come back to time now.
Timothy Sackton: So, yes it's very, very likely that pretty much everybody like anybody who cares to know and toker with no of the four week.
Mike Sackton: We also have a letter of introduction from Ken Rossa, to the head priest of the temple.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right which is different than the monastery because the temple is a political operation and the monastery is the the.
Timothy Sackton: colon right.
Mike Sackton: We also have the fancy wetter which we're not going to use, but we have our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: letter the letter that's going to get us killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we show anybody and hook right.
Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's an archive is that affiliated with the temple or the monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question Paul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: apple yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But wow the archive is yes, is affiliated with the temple the monastery have its own library, the monastery is not in town want to start it's about three miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the outskirts of why it's a nice place to.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should start there yeah.
Mike Sackton: My only thought might be, we might not want the monastery to be where people call on us when our names start to spread through town, it may be worth trying to have a place where we're staying that is not.
Mike Sackton: yeah I get it, how much trouble we bring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got what you're saying um you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look Garrett dress up as well being will be dressed up as Garrett.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Mike Sackton: I don't think arriving at the monastery especially can arrive in the evening will necessarily be noted immediately by.
Mike Sackton: Now, everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right it won't it won't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just.
Mike Sackton: not sure that we should give out the monastery when we are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: How it is where we are can be found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In some work, you know doesn't know stoker pretty well or very well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know cleansers thinks about kind of like one of the the more mainstream ends that's like you know Nice in in the heart of the city.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what I mean it's sort of like the what's the equivalent in Boston not like that it's it's like one of those hotels about a complete or something like that you know I mean it's like it's like in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: harness it was.
Mike Sackton: or something.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: So there's not actually a ton of ends in Tokyo, because most most done Marty, you know don't went bother within so i'll just throw up, though.
Timothy Sackton: They carry their house with them they'll just camp on the plains right if they're coming to Tokyo, so you say you really have like a couple choices so on the West side of town.
Timothy Sackton: Outside the walls, so not on the reverse side, on the other side there's like a huge open caravan so I sort of like acronyms that.
Timothy Sackton: handles a lot, most of the merchant traffic that's coming from Darbar or some guy or chart on or anything like that so like all the merchant caravans tend to come there.
Timothy Sackton: So that's like a big bustling you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's run by a woman named Dr shawna it's like it's sort of like the crumbs of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: toker I was just gonna say it could be rukh Khan, just like having a chrome like connect us with like, but it chrome in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but you know I mean like like his the person that he knows and trust in the city that was like he's like Oh, you should definitely stay here with this person.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure um so the other choice, you would have if you wanted somewhere, a little bit more upscale a little quieter is another in in in town inside the walls near the main market square.
Timothy Sackton: tends to cater to like wealthy merchants, especially foreigners who are you know might want something a little more stable than the typical done Mari like you know big open caravan Sir I type thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one's the one that a crumb as relationship with.
Timothy Sackton: A I think a crumb would probably honestly.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think he'd be close to either of them, because he was only I mean he was in town for like a couple months I mean he set up his own little refugee bar near the river.
Timothy Sackton: Right, but he would Dr shawna if you had asked him like where should I stay, he would have said, oh yeah good adarsh on us.
Mike Sackton: I think the other place sounds like the kind of place people would think we would be state.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
Mike Sackton: fancy one and yeah it feels like the place where the weird adventure heroes would stay.
Timothy Sackton: It is definitely the place where the weird adventures would stay yes that's like the caters to foreigners place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So why we we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get our get a couple of rooms there and just not stay there, but that's just people want to send us messages we go and check it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is also the the fellowship of the ring move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this.
Mike Sackton: I mean if somebody attacks us to attack bear yeah but but.
Eric Rosenbaum: They literally put like little fake hobbits in the beds.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have to go that far, I don't even think we need to immediately go establish a.
Mike Sackton: Residence there anything I just think if we are talking to somebody and asking about rumors and they say where should I send word should have somewhere that isn't the walk in monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah well we're talking about right now, either the caravan.
Mike Sackton: or the one I think if it's if it's going to be a place, why not, why not meet everybody's expectations of what we'll be doing and stay at the the end for the weird adventures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right it's Fine, let me.
Eric Rosenbaum: make sense.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, it works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's go the monastery first and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take it from there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: I would say it's probably about early afternoon 11 days after you left Caroline.
Timothy Sackton: You cross the high to land and you can see, stretching a few miles beyond the River hora winding slowly from north to south really barely more than a trickle at this time of year before the reins of the monsoon season come.
Timothy Sackton: The City of topeka itself lives just beyond the river, on the other side of a huge arching bridge made of solid greystone that's.
Timothy Sackton: That is the only crossing of the heart for miles in either direction although realistically, you could probably afford it fairly easily Oh, I guess, with your wagon it whether your card, I might be trouble um.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's no big deal or something that important in the part don't worry about the.
Timothy Sackton: bread just worn and has definitely seen better day is old decorative pillars that one's line the crossing like on either side are clearly missing.
Timothy Sackton: And only on the far side of the River have they been replaced by statues of to rearing horses with like mains flowing down the back, not not no riders just forces.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you taken this seeing you can see i'm stretching north of the city along the river there's like a small dockyard that sort of mostly quiet, not much activity happening there and the.
Timothy Sackton: dry heat of late summer and beyond you've got fields of the summer season crops what little can be grown in the heat without rain by irrigation from the river.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly like watermelon bitter melon kind of things like that that are hot dry fruits and awaiting the harvest that comes with the monsoon rains and in maybe a month or less.
Timothy Sackton: The city itself is surrounded by a thought solid thick wall of stone.
Timothy Sackton: With several gates that you can see from here one river gate one to the South must be more to the north into the West as well um does that scattering of buildings that are outside the walls, mostly in you know there's the malls that in that.
Timothy Sackton: That cancer knows there's like store houses and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: stables a few kind of merchant.
Timothy Sackton: warehouse type type buildings and some some houses of people to pour or on interested in living inside the walls.
Timothy Sackton: To the north.
Timothy Sackton: Inland not right along the river where which is mostly farmland, you can see, kept a small dunmurry army.
Timothy Sackton: row after row after row of tense and horses, perhaps at least a few hundred maybe as many as 500 soldiers.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: To the south, the land rises in a series of small hills the lock and monastery visible on a hill overlooking the city in the River perhaps five miles south of toker at most.
Timothy Sackton: The city itself is largely hidden behind the walls.
Timothy Sackton: But a few things dominate the skyline.
Timothy Sackton: That you can see, even on the other side of the walls.
Timothy Sackton: First, three buildings, the Dome of a large temple that rises in the Center of town, presumably the main temple of the five siblings and Telegraph, which is also the Center of the civil administration of the city.
Timothy Sackton: near the temple to other buildings Stan both.
Timothy Sackton: One a large square building with a significant tower that rises maybe 300 feet above the city.
Timothy Sackton: This is a.
Timothy Sackton: This looks newer and more recently reconstructed than the temple which which seems extremely old.
Timothy Sackton: And there's touches of sort of Durban architectural style in this building.
Timothy Sackton: And then ah, a third tall building not reaching nearly so high, but the city, but a big bulky rectangular building i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Standing south of the big bulky rectangular building and sort of in between that building and the southern wall of the city is a enormous tree.
Timothy Sackton: That grows.
I should have looked up.
Timothy Sackton: hold on sorry.
Timothy Sackton: i'm that grows, maybe 300 feet tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoo.
Timothy Sackton: Just one lone tree standing in the middle of the city.
Timothy Sackton: It stretches for you know, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: The bottom third is just an enormous while you can't really see the bottom third.
Timothy Sackton: it's just an enormous trunk and then there's a close set of these going up until at the end there's sort of more droopy branches um.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: from a distance that almost looks like stone the leaves are.
Timothy Sackton: faintly tinge with green I mean it's critically alive right like you know the Brent those there's leaves you can see, I mean you're still some distance off so it's not super clear, but the bark looks almost like stone almost like as a tree growing inside of stone shall.
Eric Rosenbaum: deciduous looking tree.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Is this something that's like known and in the stories of the city.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah it's amazing but not surprising.
Timothy Sackton: it's not surprising it's not yes kenza you would know this tree exists, like it's not something that you're caught off guard by nobody quite understands how is it, how it grows.
Timothy Sackton: But it's just this part of toker that everybody knows about is this giant tree.
Timothy Sackton: around the city and this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Mid afternoon there's there's a fair bit of activity, you know you can see, you know travelers coming and going on the bridge, there are.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like on the far side of the bridge there's you know, a handful of done Mario soldiers are guards milling about that seemed to be collecting tolls from from everybody who passes.
Timothy Sackton: And you know there's some activity in.
Timothy Sackton: The army camp in the distance of seems to be can see the prize of dust rising up from horses writing doing drills or patrols or something like that, and just the general bustle of activity, you can hear you know, echoing from the distance to the playing of metal on metal of somebody.
Timothy Sackton: You know hammering or shoes or the the general bustle of city life rises up from the River Valley.
Timothy Sackton: You are now so you're coming on the crest of the hill you're going to descend now on a gentle slope to the bridge maybe a mile from where you are now.
Timothy Sackton: So just go across the bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: monastery first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah how far we've been monitoring system.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's three miles south or something the.
Timothy Sackton: monastery is like three four miles South there's no crossing the monasteries up on hills right that are overlooking the river, so you so the normal weight there's a road that.
Timothy Sackton: You cross the bridge there's a road that goes into the city and then it curve South and there's a road that goes the monastery so the normal way to go, would be to just ride across the bridge pay the toll then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to get to the monster without crossing that bridge.
Timothy Sackton: you'd have to for the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After that we got a wagon full ship process doing homeboy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah I recommend me drop off our stuff at the monastery before we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah maybe we're maybe we're you know we're cloaked and we're not obviously elves and we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean there are dwarves and athletes to grow like.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah there's a there's a small to urban quarter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, so I think just not being you know just wearing our cloaks and being you know.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you ride across the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: The bridge itself is you know it's clearly old but it's also clearly seen better days.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you reach the the fire and the guard, you know the guard.
Timothy Sackton: contingent here is, you know as basically they're not paying too much attention to everybody who crosses, but I do collect at all until when you approach.
Timothy Sackton: The donmar he kind of looks up is like yeah kind of looks confused from his.
Timothy Sackton: odd company you're keeping to our five and a half link traveling together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just on the way to city.
Very awful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just hands over the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever the pole is yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's I mean it's not very much so.
Timothy Sackton: You know, whatever um take some figure out how you'll pay for all this next time we don't need to worry about that, right now, because I want to wrap up.
Timothy Sackton: So you turn south.
Timothy Sackton: And had up for the monster I guess it actually will get knows, there is a small hassling in in town.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The red lily on the West side of town.
Timothy Sackton: god's gonna go there and see if he can connect with anybody he knows from.
Timothy Sackton: Its run he knows the.
Timothy Sackton: lilies strong bones, who is the woman who runs it.
Timothy Sackton: and her husband wes so he's gonna go.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna go there and help, he says he'll be there for a while, if you know he'll he'll send you, yes, where you should send you messages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you don't tell them the monastery we tell them like when Tom the monster were talking we tell them the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The in.
Timothy Sackton: The cluster state yeah okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somewhere there.
Timothy Sackton: He says, you know, let me know where you're going next if you happen to decide to go to darby be happy to travel along the road with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will see you for certain before we depart took.
Timothy Sackton: Any Thank you again for everything you've done.
Rev. David (he/him): Very good.
Timothy Sackton: And you turn and right up the road to the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Arriving around sunset.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery itself.
Timothy Sackton: Is it's you know it's a cluster of buildings set on.
Timothy Sackton: set on this hill.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: You with the sun setting and the light catching the buildings there's a sort of sense of of peace and also.
Timothy Sackton: sort of a sense of hidden depths here, and you pass you, you know you ride along the road and you pass on, you can see sort of to the north of the road there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a spiral of stones in different colors.
Timothy Sackton: That radiate in towards a.
Timothy Sackton: Not towards a statue.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not a statue of a of a person, a statue that looks almost like.
Timothy Sackton: What it reminds you of a little bit actually seeker is that is what you saw in your dream like these twisting spheres nesting each other.
Timothy Sackton: To the south of the road you see a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of a geometric garden planted with.
Timothy Sackton: plants that you know this, these aren't like typical.
Timothy Sackton: You know desert plants or plants plants, they seem almost like forest understory plants that are growing without the forest above them in this sort of geometric pattern as if they were paths that were Chris like trails crisscrossing a forest and the underbrush growing around them.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: This entering the monastery this old maybe 85 year old man walks out.
Timothy Sackton: wearing robes walking.
Timothy Sackton: Surprisingly lightly on his feet, given how old he is.
Timothy Sackton: and bars to greet you and says.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo welcome home.
Timothy Sackton: And I think this is where it will stop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That kenzo kind of you know drops his bag and then you know boughs deeply and greets reads his is a former master.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next.
cool.